
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106022                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106021775454                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632208760218                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 208532                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   264082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1274395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 83193.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17348587606                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21970001809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1463936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3564800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4182144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3567232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3560576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2244352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2240768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1460736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2228736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2223744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1463040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1466496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1054208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4186880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37508480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10287232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10287232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        27850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        27869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        17534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         8236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                293035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80369                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9934865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13807880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13838063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33623281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39446085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33646220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33583441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21168783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21134979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        53121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13777698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21021493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20974408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13799429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13832026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9943316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39490755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               353780908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        53121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42255                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             758184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97029426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97029426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97029426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9934865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        50707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13807880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13838063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        47085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33623281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39446085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33646220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33583441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21168783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21134979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        53121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13777698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21021493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20974408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13799429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13832026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9943316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39490755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              450810334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22057208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18363306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8466657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191878310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120973667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22057208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25224541                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5571024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17484459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238143738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212919197     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1548070      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952407      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3093228      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1309534      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1686401      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1949123      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         893419      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12792359      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238143738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190753344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18722730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25104747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3551115                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147890363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3551115                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190946749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17565161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24923145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       540104                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146979920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205257578                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683529067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683529067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33371044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18511                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1901238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7199672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143499630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137719659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127352                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17319727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35212848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238143738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179786971     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26611852     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889532      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6095637      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8267772      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539180      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500324      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346860      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105610      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238143738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938614     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129452     10.87%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122810     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116022492     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883218      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618954      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7177948      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137719659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514901283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160855713                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134135411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138910535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596755                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3551115                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143535331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18512                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182160                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135319408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12414680                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19591991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19140918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177311                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134135866                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134135411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80380917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215907035                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527575                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20312578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234592623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182441312     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431342     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9590855      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4780925      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4377189      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835644      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818302      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865742      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451312      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234592623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375676492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290622919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2907342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16105125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608875820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187428502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136770230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19649976                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16078449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1916934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8062533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7725773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189144190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109924692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19649976                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9756003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22938758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5241267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10316449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11571255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1918527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    225698761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      202760003     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1069574      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1697455      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2300112      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2363354      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2002308      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1120442      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1664495      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10721018      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    225698761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      187196525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12280881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22895975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        26384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3298995                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3234234                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    134866594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3298995                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      187710118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1677248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9413137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22414624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1184636                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    134816825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       175798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       508344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    188137361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    627194270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    627194270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    163090321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25047034                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17388                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3516846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12608824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6839807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        134653728                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33542                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       127865436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14896635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35683913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1204                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225698761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171566561     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22284714      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11271499      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8496190      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6676340      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2699704      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699676      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885398      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118679      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225698761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24464     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77820     36.68%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109869     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107537337     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910923      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16030      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11582758      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6818388      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    127865436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481659305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149584438                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125952061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    128077589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2013684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3298995                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1388386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116601                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134687405                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12608824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6839807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98369                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2193356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126105028                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10899775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1760408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17717902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17918831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6818127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            125952266                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           125952061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        72297553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194811539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495389                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95070891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    116983809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17703615                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1941177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222399766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174379663     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23813013     10.71%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8985618      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4286611      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3625451      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072120      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1801103      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818791      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2617396      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222399766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95070891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    116983809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17335490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10595136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16869184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105401067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2408947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2617396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          354469131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         272673913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2864594                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              28550102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95070891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           116983809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95070891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.674308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.674308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373928                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373928                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      567568919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     175450437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     125041115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32310                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19677773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16100965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8072289                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7736343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189407222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110078313                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19677773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9769068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22970763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5247886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     10191447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11587175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1921085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    225875121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      202904358     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1071357      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1699525      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2303664      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2366514      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2005020      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1121515      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1666589      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10736579      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    225875121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187459365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     12158303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22927827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26523                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3303102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3239096                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    135054986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3303102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187973412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1679516                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      9287176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22446162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1185750                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    135005220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       176195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       508704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    188401159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    628068750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    628068750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    163321438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25079709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3520600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12626024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6849513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670349                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        134840958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128045066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14912776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35724419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225875121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171666838     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22314172      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11289006      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8509632      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6684830      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2703196      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702346      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886198      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118903      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225875121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24487     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77924     36.68%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110041     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107688145     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913615      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16053      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11599061      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6828192      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128045066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482195246                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149787810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126128901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128257518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2015866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1389973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134874636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12626024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6849513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17370                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98612                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2196014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126282106                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10915203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17743133                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17944440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6827930                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126129095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126128901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        72398741                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       195081103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95205657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117149686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17724963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32382                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1943688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222572019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174484423     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23846098     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8998853      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4291824      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3630806      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2075254      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1803623      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       819926      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621212      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222572019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95205657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117149686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17360082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10610152                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16893110                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105550531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2412373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2621212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354824793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         273052475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2868493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28373742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95205657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117149686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95205657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.670523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.670523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      568363831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     175697112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     125216252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17879828                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14621433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1747724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7589361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1840123                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173654083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            101385489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17879828                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8915387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21261688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5063162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7966424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10677606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759105                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    206158939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      184897251     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1155557      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1823508      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2890231      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1210920      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1360170      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1429827      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         934365      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10457110      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    206158939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      172021554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9612111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21195587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        53398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3276287                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2931870                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123816004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3276287                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      172275028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2020356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6828070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21000114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       759082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123733098                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        34403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       212845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       274720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60224                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    171750246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    575584641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    575584641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    146770964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       24979279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        32091                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2224785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     11806008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6344658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        123560048                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       117033625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       149019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15509948                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34439351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3564                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206158939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156765098     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19851822      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10848681      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7379324      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6894988      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1994004      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1537578      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528523      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358921      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206158939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27257     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82494     38.29%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105675     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98036910     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1847111      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14191      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10825224      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6310189      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    117033625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.460311                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215426                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440590633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139103480                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115162509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    117249051                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          356                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7330                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3276287                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1258128                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107363                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123592372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11806008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6344658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17893                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79692                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995056                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2017506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115377411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10181918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16490348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16243892                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6308430                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.453797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            115163402                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           115162509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67333108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       175871675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.452952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382854                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86212755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    105674821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17918108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1785097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202882652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159985453     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20772353     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8088069      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4359298      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3264050      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1821364      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123218      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004668      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2464179      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202882652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     86212755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    105674821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             15845222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             9687111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             14280                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15169252                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        95220824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2146759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2464179                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          324010830                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         250462359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2813225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              48089924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          86212755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           105674821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     86212755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.949086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.949086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.339088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.339088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      520316788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     159624246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     115494426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        28596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254248844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17198485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15520293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6389416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6150958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182338175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108066485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17198485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7095596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21382946                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2845495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     25268786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10459822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230913991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      209531045     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         762032      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1564498      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         671347      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3549579      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3158525      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         608953      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1276924      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9791088      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230913991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067644                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.425042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      180453586                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     27164740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21303578                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1923606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1508476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126757862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1923606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      180694184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      25247371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1097763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21160293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       790769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126684363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       405730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       261230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6186                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    148692670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    596593159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    596593159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    131805426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       16887138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1836853                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     29893120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15119203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138135                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       729895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126432159                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       121489178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9868852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23765922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230913991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187291668     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13315921      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10771025      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4657813      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5826033      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5514547      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3132244      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250483      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154257      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230913991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305059     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335851     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68181      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76202521     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061296      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7270      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29146588     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15071503     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    121489178                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477836                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476680888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136318850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120440065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    124198269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218672                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1180639                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10706                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1923606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      24634570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126446971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29893120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15119203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146897                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3119                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532273                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1055838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120642993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29042192                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           44112262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15804542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15070070                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474508                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            120443260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           120440065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        65059573                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       128415699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97833923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114970485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11490226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14650                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       918694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228990385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187138548     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15403706      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7171047      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7055862      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953110      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8073722      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615124      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448823      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130443      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228990385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     97833923                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114970485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             43725150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            28712473                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7314                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15182251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102236366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1113505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1130443                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354320367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         254845287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3913382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23334853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          97833923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114970485                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     97833923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.598780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.598780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384796                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384796                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596366884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     139848972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150868048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14628                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254248536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17899966                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14637597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1749136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7595075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7083989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173867190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            101502196                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17899966                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8926672                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21285817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5066824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7911525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10689960                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1760333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    206343393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      185057576     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1156487      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1827162      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2893991      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1211223      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1361155      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1429430      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         935624      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10470745      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    206343393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399224                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      172227668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9564116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21219930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        53278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3278399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2935448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123957049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2820                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3278399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      172482238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1984879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6810355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21023202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       764318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123874697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        38257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       212483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       275577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63604                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    171954501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    576246573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    576246573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    146950060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25004231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        32064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17853                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2232733                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11817268                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6352099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1440911                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        123700666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       117175899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15502029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34430358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3501                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206343393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156888202     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19874802      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10863995      5.27%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7390883      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6902674      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1995078      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539817      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528066      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359876      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206343393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27281     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82444     38.25%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105811     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98156688     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849525      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14208      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10837332      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6318146      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    117175899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215536                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441058412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139236150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115302544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    117391435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355920                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          306                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           95                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3278399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1230544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123732964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11817268                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6352099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17841                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995501                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2020067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115516133                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10193791                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16510417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16264496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6316626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.454343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            115303374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           115302544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67415652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       176071961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.453503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382887                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86317990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    105803959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17929289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1786618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203064994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160112923     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20798530     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8099895      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4364280      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268402      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1824351      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124686      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006096      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2465831      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203064994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     86317990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    105803959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             15864636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             9698967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             14296                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15187757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        95337264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2149405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2465831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          324331839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         250745271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2816492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              47905143                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          86317990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           105803959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     86317990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.945487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.945487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      520944209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     159820232                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     115629832                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        28626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17861372                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14605618                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1744674                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7569001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7065562                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77570                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173474156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            101289082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17861372                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8904723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21240097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5054595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8025439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10665623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1755958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    206010963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      184770866     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1153908      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1821979      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2888018      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1207599      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1357956      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1427904      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         933689      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10449044      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    206010963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      171840626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9671871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21174359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        53301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3270804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2929552                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    123701673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3270804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      172095400                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1990513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6910778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        20977293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       766173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    123620300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        41067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       212675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       275749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        64675                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    171602960                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    575059070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    575059070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146648446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       24954509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32011                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2233053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     11793614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6339086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1437260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        123446655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       116931051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15482765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34385552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3511                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206010963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156663300     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19832897      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10837338      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7373599      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6887759      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1990943      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1538133      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527820      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359174      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206010963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27176     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82291     38.27%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105565     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97951080     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1845240      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14179      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10815724      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6304828      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    116931051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215032                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440236500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138962836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115060086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    117146083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2114581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7316                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3270804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1231791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123478902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11793614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6339086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1020526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2014442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115273908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10172246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16475373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16229701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6303127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453390                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            115061006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           115060086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67275022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       175713443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86140767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    105586608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17892769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1782002                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202740159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159880547     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20754434     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8079931      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4355145      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3260837      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1820538      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1122184      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004609      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2461934      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202740159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     86140767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    105586608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             15832009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9679030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14268                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15156590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        95141333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2144967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2461934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          323757030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         250229753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2810191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              48237900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          86140767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           105586608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     86140767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.951551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.951551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338805                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338805                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      519848789                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     159487244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     115385985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        28570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18682577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15321545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1832443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7829028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7304708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178499861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            106157743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18682577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9224216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23358058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5192539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     16564709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10997535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1821683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    221750403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198392345     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2533128      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2933088      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1613232      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1846876      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1026592      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         699445      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1805876      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10899821      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    221750403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      177042657                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18049405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23162918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       184750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3310671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3031315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129585753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        84674                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3310671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177325957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6044701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11209393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23071595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       788084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129505961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       202210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       363657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    179987893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    602922680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    602922680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    153846359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26141533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2105750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12369101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6735010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        129297056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       122277039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16025649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36911540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4054                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221750403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170212548     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20742438      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11140893      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7701213      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6733437      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3442787      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838617      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537969      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400501      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221750403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32437     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111647     42.55%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118331     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102355239     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909438      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14983      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11310306      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6687073      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    122277039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480934                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262415                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466738891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145358137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120240671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    122539454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2174925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          806                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4006                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5611978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129331448                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12369101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6735010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1025181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2090044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120469247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10622736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           17308386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16861249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6685650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473824                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            120242591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           120240671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        71468404                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       187131539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90343156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110840124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18492727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1842941                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218439732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173155756     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20999943      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8800922      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5290908      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3658509      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367162      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1225122      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986245      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1955165      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218439732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     90343156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110840124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16790016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10194175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15078                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15863118                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99926858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2255068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1955165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          345816807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         261976448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2735912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              32498460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          90343156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110840124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     90343156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.814257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.814257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      543429246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     166888737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     120950754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18680378                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15321965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1832155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7847585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7304621                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82716                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178505645                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            106138963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18680378                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9224366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23356857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5192036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     16712682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10997231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1821515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    221902645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198545788     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2532008      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2937040      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1613928      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1846373      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1026612      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         698772      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1803137      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10898987      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    221902645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      177049184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18196544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23162243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       184305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3310367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3028736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17095                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129563265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        84729                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3310367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      177332408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6188919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11214744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23070781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       785424                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129482301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       201293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       362315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    179964254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    602814091                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    602814091                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    153830882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26133367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34272                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2106963                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12371532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6732492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       177028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129273663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       122255956                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172077                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16015913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36904574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221902645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170372173     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20739216      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11137869      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7705545      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6731519      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3440059      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837020      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538076      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       401168      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221902645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32551     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111407     42.45%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118484     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102335569     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909062      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14981      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11312214      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6684130      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    122255956                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466849076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145325081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120219595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    122518398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2178391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          717                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4057                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5757353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129308140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12371532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6732492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19267                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1065526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2089925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120448387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10624023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17306652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16858711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6682629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473742                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            120221603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           120219595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71460038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       187090032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381955                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90334022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    110828920                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18480491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30218                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1842715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218592278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173307449     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21002266      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8799293      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5292441      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3658836      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2368031      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224897      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986656      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1952409      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218592278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     90334022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    110828920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16788297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10193138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15861528                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        99916726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2254832                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1952409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          345948669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         261929257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2735475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32346218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          90334022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           110828920                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     90334022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.814542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.814542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      543345403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     166863383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     120930343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19608626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16044828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1918217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8173469                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7723336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2028137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188962534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109640028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19608626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9751473                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22895407                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5226272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10401945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11560251                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919331                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    225543735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      202648328     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1071527      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1699348      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2297598      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2361664      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1997643      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1115381      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1661674      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10690572      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    225543735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      187016586                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12365266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22852942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        26166                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3282774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3226916                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          367                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    134541428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3282774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      187530807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1697581                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      9479297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22370777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1182496                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    134489851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       175509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       507315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    187682701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    625652833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    625652833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    162852643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       24830046                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        33563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3512886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12593107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6823693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        79963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        134323677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127628382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14743390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35216148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225543735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171478624     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22279140      9.88%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11273044      5.00%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8464946      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6653793      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2691818      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700054      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       884798      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117518      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225543735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24375     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77728     36.66%     48.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109931     51.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107341675     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1902924      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16007      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11566102      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6801674      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127628382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.501982                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481030123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149101263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125706612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    127840416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       257889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2013559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3282774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1409189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134357488                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12593107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6823693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17556                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1118445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1074899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2193344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125859657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10882157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1768725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           17683556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17888871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6801399                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.495025                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            125706840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           125706612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        72161892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       194440059                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.494423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94932143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116813137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17544362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1942417                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222260961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174298199     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23790155     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8972025      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4277727      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3629609      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071551      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1792775      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818450      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2610470      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222260961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     94932143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116813137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17309979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10579545                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16844583                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105247325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2405454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2610470                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          354007340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         271997836                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2864332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              28705128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          94932143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116813137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     94932143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.678217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.678217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      566475746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     175114716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     124725602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32256                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17499329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15616553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1387575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11564460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11402544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184659800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             99363821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17499329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12452266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22144225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4561875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7467913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11170062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1361935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    217438406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      195294181     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3375027      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1701452      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3333548      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1070815      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3086375      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         486485      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         795044      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8295479      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    217438406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      182894721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9275426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22100552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3150049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1661934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16405                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    111165662                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31167                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3150049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      183095546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5964485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2674238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21901296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       652788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    111003798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       500343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    145481686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    503074952                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    503074952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    118007344                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27474309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14909                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1501327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19991285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3258453                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       742238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        110426935                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       103407443                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19909736                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40742853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217438406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172109463     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14255438      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15195576      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8792227      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4537455      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139929      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350284      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31269      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26765      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217438406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173438     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71428     23.54%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58543     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81103000     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811241      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18254710     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3231124      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    103407443                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406717                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424624077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130351905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100795861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    103710852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4056614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3150049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5221609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110441974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19991285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3258453                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       934236                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1472178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102099470                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17995801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1307970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21226780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15523563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3230979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            100818621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           100795861                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        60980240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       132901881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80284047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     90397137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20049333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1378798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214288357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180634308     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13222437      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8494927      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2674266      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4434112      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866736      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549296      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502056      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2910219      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214288357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     80284047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     90397137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19112658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15934671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13870135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        79001019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1131259                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2910219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          321824309                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         224045501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4118881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              36810457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          80284047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            90397137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     80284047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.166867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.166867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      474559698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     131337781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118049030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17456601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15578010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1384894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11532298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11373206                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184210666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             99124730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17456601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12420575                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22088474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4550958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7471128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11143673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1359472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    216928506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      194840032     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3363942      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1698436      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3324578      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1067919      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3078773      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         485980      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         793570      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8275276      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    216928506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      182445302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9278721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22044887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        17730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3141862                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1657653                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    110897647                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        31103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3141862                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      182645725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       5976015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2665831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21846114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       652955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    110736592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        86575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       500359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    145138206                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    501870308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    501870308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    117735090                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27403106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14892                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7541                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1502236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     19939947                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3251754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       739681                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        110159791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14945                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       103164833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19853109                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40620190                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216928506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171706194     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14225429      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15156526      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8769972      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4526534      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1137547      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1348262      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31343      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26699      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216928506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173240     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71270     23.52%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58530     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80912538     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       809706      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7352      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18210846     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3224391      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    103164833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423628684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130028124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100557239                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    103467873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82159                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4045446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3141862                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5234000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110174812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19939947                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3251754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37362                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       932671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1469388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101858586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17951428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1306247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21175654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15485715                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3224226                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400626                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            100580447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           100557239                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        60833701                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       132602486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80094038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     90186306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19992961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14829                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1376128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213786644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180209154     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13194017      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8475004      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2666973      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4423981      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       865553      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       548155      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501713      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2902094      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213786644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     80094038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     90186306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19065950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            15894497                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7398                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         13837541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        78817730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1128948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2902094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          321063518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         223502841                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4109388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              37320357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          80094038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            90186306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     80094038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.174379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.174379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      473436462                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     131033032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     117763692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19642429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16072055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8050653                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7724956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189174333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            109885909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19642429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9754616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22930219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5243970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10312070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11573986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1920761                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    225720429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      202790210     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1067526      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1696647      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2299736      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2364108      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2000355      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1118747      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1667300      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10715800      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    225720429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432198                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      187231160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12275533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22887758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3299602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3233289                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    134824759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3299602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      187743001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1687051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9398385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22408147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1184240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    134777441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       176028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       507880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    188078468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627014006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627014006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    163064140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25014307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        33396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3516996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12605608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6837904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1628236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        134619076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       127844201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14876115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35628747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1183                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225720429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171622227     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22253247      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11257719      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8504271      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6679796      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2698481      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700656      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885078      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118954      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225720429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24273     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77790     36.69%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109929     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107521692     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910216      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16027      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11579779      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6816487      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    127844201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            211992                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481638346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149529221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125927881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    128056193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       259233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2012356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3299602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1398014                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116335                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134652717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        24943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12605608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6837904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          525                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1117412                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2195689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126079862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10895379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1764334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           17711608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17914787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6816229                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125928104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125927881                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        72285112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       194782222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495294                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95055366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    116964729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17687981                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1943287                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222420827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174432037     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23786817     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8986182      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4285423      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3609684      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072592      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1809231      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818691      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620170      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222420827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95055366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    116964729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17332377                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10593243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16866442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105383911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2408575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2620170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          354452717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         272605094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2866564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              28528434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95055366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           116964729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95055366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.674745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.674745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      567454403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     175417535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     124997400                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19661157                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16086817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8094332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733366                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87478                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189438746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            109964799                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19661157                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9766485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22945824                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5245709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10188152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11588381                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    225872108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      202926284     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1066090      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1693417      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2301460      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2367902      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2002198      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1122963      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1673248      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10718546      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    225872108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187485932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12158172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22903689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        25974                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3298340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3236705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    134934756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1937                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3298340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187997381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1707861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9257060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22424169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1187294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    134888191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       175924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       509666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    188232305                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    627511729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    627511729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    163257774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       24974531                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17525                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3524681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12623135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6844000                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1665227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        134737187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33695                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127988605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14847977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35503513                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1325                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225872108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171683047     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22314437      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11287904      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8492825      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6683607      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2701150      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1703215      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886967      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118956      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225872108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24191     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77906     36.68%     48.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110312     51.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107643943     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910222      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16046      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11596073      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6822321      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127988605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482079277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149619390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126066334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    128201014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       259868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2017127                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96719                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3298340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1417971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134771018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12623135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6844000                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17528                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1119072                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2198323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126218336                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10908660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1770269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17730729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17935403                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6822069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126066531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126066334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        72358619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       194995539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95168526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117103970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17667075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1946280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222573768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174506704     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23835571     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8996021      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4287068      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3630853      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074609      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1802936      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818968      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621038      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222573768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95168526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117103970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17353289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10606008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16886500                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105509331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2411420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2621038                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          354723112                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         272840490                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2870639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              28376755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95168526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117103970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95168526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.671565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.671565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      568083033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     175608764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     125092487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22049125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18356405                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8504967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8082382                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2372962                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191847800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            120937111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22049125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10455344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25215302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5558841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17546620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11908506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    238154410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      212939108     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1547534      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1955398      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3093877      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1306417      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1683596      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1950907      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         892434      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12785139      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    238154410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086723                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190721666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18784979                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25094992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11951                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3540820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3357664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147815529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3540820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190915020                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        618328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     17625956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24913633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       540649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146902464                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        78161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       377152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205176003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683176068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683176068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171904120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33271820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18669                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1900317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13739741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7199521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143429845                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137698630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17240413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34963558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238154410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179798116     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26616947     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889648      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097073      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8262385      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538543      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2498790      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347091      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105817      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238154410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938854     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127360     10.71%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122828     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116001955     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883617      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17048      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618229      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7177781      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137698630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541590                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514866497                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160706767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134117055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138887672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102634                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2566618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          662                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99450                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3540820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        470422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143465698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13739741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18670                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          662                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183363                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1123179                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2306542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135300039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415241                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19592356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19139462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7177115                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.532156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134117516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134117055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80369563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215840233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100010204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123236001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20230215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2016444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234613590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182456971     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431409     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592067      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4785635      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4376255      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1838103      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1815646      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865890      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451614      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234613590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100010204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123236001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18273167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11173108                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17862794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110952538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2544815                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2451614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          375627490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290473343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2902861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16094453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100010204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123236001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100010204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.542229                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.542229                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608808021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187412005                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136734774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254248863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17192225                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15515217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       901047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6482813                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6149514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         949901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39878                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182468149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            108051320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17192225                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7099415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21373514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       2839253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     25384397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           35                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10467306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231141739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      209768225     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         762405      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1558584      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         666842      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3550021      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3167541      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         614400      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1279074      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9774647      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231141739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      180566123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     27297931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21294323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        68201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      1915156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1507241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    126694003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      1915156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      180807078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      25381319                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1091839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21150411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       795931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    126625713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       407983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       262298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7858                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    148662445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    596367842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    596367842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    131835306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       16827133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        14685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1843207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     29878878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     15109068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       733716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126378719                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       121455272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9790362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23562635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231141739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187512228     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13332391      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10774346      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4658192      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5818800      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5509207      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3132149      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249924      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154502      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231141739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305813     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2333081     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68241      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76185698     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060759      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29129196     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15072347     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    121455272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2707135                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476828938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136186947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120421205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    124162407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161139                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          461                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93591                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10712                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      1915156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      24766778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126393525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29878878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15109068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       526520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530231                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1056751                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120611738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29035860                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           44106720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       15804163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         15070860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474385                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            120424434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           120421205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        65056751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       128438663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506520                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97854777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    114995256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11412571                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       920747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229226583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187360479     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15408869      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7176358      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7058701      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1955392      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8074198      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613412      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448854      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130320      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229226583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97854777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    114995256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             43733208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            28717736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15185615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       102258440                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1130320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          354503804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         254731009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3915831                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              23107124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97854777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           114995256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97854777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.598226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.598226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      596281977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     139839383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150859450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.220830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.759019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.156130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.695814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.404225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.964661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27106                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27108                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702823092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6804182375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702823092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6804182375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702823092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6804182375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814536.771418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822953.843130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814536.771418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822953.843130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814536.771418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822953.843130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980160002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078095085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980160002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078095085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980160002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078095085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726717.705918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735134.867562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726717.705918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735134.867562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726717.705918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735134.867562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        11483                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.445730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         191325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        13528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        14.142889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.923851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.390294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1509.106882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         506.024703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.736869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.247082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 27321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8784                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8784                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  27472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27470                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 27472                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               11480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                11480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11438                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               11480                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9481800037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9547309044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9481800037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     9547309044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65509007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9481800037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    9547309044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             38801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8784                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8784                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              38952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             38952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828973.600017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831647.129268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828973.600017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831647.129268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559738.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828973.600017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831647.129268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5026                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5026                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           11479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          11479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8475360854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8537182261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8475360854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8537182261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61821407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8475360854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8537182261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741047.552155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743721.775503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741047.552155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743721.775503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1471938.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741047.552155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743721.775503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        11506                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.450131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         191390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        13553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        14.121597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.406732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1509.186835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         505.926357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.736908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.247034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 27366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27513                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27515                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               11505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                11505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               11505                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9350725709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9430577133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9350725709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     9430577133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79851424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9350725709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    9430577133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815731.109570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819693.796871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815731.109570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819693.796871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1901224.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815731.109570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819693.796871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           11504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8343591023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419754847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8343591023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419754847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76163824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8343591023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419754847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727935.004624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731898.022166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727935.004624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731898.022166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1813424.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 727935.004624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731898.022166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        27899                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.597915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        29947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.384212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.855676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1640.870054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         390.737680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.801206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.190790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 35027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                7261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  35115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35114                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 35115                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               27860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                27889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27850                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               27889                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58894435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25820743475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25879637910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24825120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24825120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58894435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25845568595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    25904463030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58894435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25845568595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   25904463030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             62887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            7261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              63004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             63004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1510113.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928102.637396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928917.369347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856038.620690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856038.620690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1510113.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928027.597666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928841.587364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1510113.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928027.597666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928841.587364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4144                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4144                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           27889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          27889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55469608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23377538525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23433008133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22278599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22278599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55469608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23399817124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23455286732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55469608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23399817124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23455286732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1422297.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840283.905144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841098.640811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768227.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768227.551724                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1422297.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840208.873393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841022.866793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1422297.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840208.873393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841022.866793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        32712                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.938363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         200244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        34760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.760759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.913508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1806.369095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         235.966393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.882016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.115218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38670                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38671                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               32674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                32712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               32712                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30884934026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30961647577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30948043510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31024757061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30948043510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31024757061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             71317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              71383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             71383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 946374.567979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947592.813154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947205.445169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948421.284574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947205.445169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948421.284574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           32712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          32712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28019367210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28092655587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28079140294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28152428671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28079140294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28152428671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 858568.016240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859786.239426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859398.901050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860614.718483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859398.901050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860614.718483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        27917                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.608272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        29965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.379877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.570694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1644.619499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         387.280131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.803037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.189102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 34986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  35074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35073                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 35074                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               27880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                27909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27871                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               27909                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25649617367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25697777614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20533924                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     20533924                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25670151291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    25718311538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48160247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25670151291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   25718311538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             62866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              62983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             62983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.443153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921256.280691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921728.034935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708066.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 708066.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921034.454846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921506.020925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1267374.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921034.454846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921506.020925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           27909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          27909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23204973854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23249797701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17987724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17987724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23222961578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23267785425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44823847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23222961578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23267785425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.443153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833452.117448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833923.877367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 620266.344828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 620266.344828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833230.295935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833701.867677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1179574.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 833230.295935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833701.867677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        27866                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.598222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        29914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.386876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.272357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.660654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1642.892996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         388.772216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.802194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.189830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7245                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7245                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35032                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35033                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               27827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                27856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27817                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               27856                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55480249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25946852439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26002332688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26273131                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26273131                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55480249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25973125570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    26028605819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55480249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25973125570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   26028605819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1422570.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933743.070354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934428.170051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 905970.034483                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905970.034483                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1422570.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933714.116188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934398.543186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1422570.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933714.116188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934398.543186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4140                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4140                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           27856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          27856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52055050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23506333620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23558388670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23726931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23726931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52055050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23530060551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23582115601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52055050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23530060551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23582115601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1334744.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845916.712970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846601.813706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818170.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818170.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1334744.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845887.786282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846572.214281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1334744.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845887.786282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846572.214281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        17582                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.522509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         225798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        19630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        11.502700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.832858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.938912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1630.483791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         381.266948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.796135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.186166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 32891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               17963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  33033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33032                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 33033                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               17563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                17570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17534                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               17570                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67007878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14731252135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14798260013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7856259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7856259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67007878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14739108394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14806116272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67007878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14739108394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14806116272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             50454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           17963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              50603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             50603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.046980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1861329.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 840489.081703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842581.564254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1122322.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1122322.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1861329.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 840601.596555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842693.014912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1861329.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 840601.596555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842693.014912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               9533                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    9533                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           17570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          17570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63847078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13192234677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13256081755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7241659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7241659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63847078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13199476336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13263323414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63847078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13199476336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13263323414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.046980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1773529.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 752680.702744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754773.202471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1034522.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034522.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1773529.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 752793.220942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754884.656460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1773529.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 752793.220942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754884.656460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17553                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.534375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         225793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.519463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.795371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.855546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1628.816194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         383.067265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.795320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.187045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 32899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               17948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33039                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33040                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17506                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17541                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14730725342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14792804469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5594787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5594787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14736320129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14798399256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62079127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14736320129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14798399256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             50435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           17948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              50581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             50581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841707.636249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843567.773095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1118957.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118957.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841786.823318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843646.271934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1773689.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841786.823318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843646.271934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9545                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9545                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13193809900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13252815832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5155787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5155787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13198965687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13257971619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59005932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13198965687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13257971619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753888.914919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755749.078011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1031157.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031157.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753968.107335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755827.582179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685883.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753968.107335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755827.582179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        11460                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.459984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         191242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        13508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        14.157684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.936738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.592596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1508.990186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         505.940464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.736812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.247041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27401                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               11457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                11457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11413                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               11457                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9590764675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9678498183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9590764675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     9678498183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87733508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9590764675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    9678498183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             38713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              38858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             38858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840336.868045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844767.232522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840336.868045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844767.232522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1993943.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840336.868045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844767.232522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5017                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5017                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           11456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          11456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8586761985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8670618159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8586761985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8670618159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83856174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8586761985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8670618159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752432.701104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756862.618628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752432.701104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756862.618628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1905822.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752432.701104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756862.618628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17448                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.824986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         156343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         8.019235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.644872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.746983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1661.820362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         353.612768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.172662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 32820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                5961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  32887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32886                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 32887                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17447                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13602857490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13641206701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13602857490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    13641206701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38349211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13602857490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   13641206701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             50267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            5961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              50334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             50334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781234.636458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781865.461168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781234.636458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781865.461168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1095691.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781234.636458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781865.461168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2353                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2353                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12073932266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12109208477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12073932266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12109208477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     35276211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12073932266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12109208477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693425.928440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694056.770620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693425.928440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694056.770620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1007891.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693425.928440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694056.770620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17408                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.833938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         156125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         8.024517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.771151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.696457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1663.780054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         352.586276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.812393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.172161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 32708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                5855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  32773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32772                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 32773                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17407                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38627526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13828914768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13867542294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38627526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13828914768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    13867542294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     38627526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13828914768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   13867542294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             50115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            5855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              50180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             50180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1136103.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796000.389570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796664.692020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1136103.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796000.389570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796664.692020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1136103.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796000.389570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796664.692020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2346                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2346                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35642326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12303024905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12338667231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35642326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12303024905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12338667231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     35642326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12303024905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12338667231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1048303.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 708169.280205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708833.643419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1048303.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 708169.280205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708833.643419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1048303.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 708169.280205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708833.643419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        11477                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.452879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         191295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        13525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        14.143808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.933523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.615846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1509.197795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         505.705716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.736913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.246927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 27294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  27440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27438                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 27440                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               11474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                11474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11431                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               11474                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107230158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9461768198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9568998356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107230158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9461768198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     9568998356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107230158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9461768198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    9568998356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             38768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              38914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             38914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2493724.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827728.824950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833972.316193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2493724.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827728.824950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833972.316193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2493724.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827728.824950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833972.316193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5023                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5023                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           11473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          11473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103454225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8457277467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560731692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103454225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8457277467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560731692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103454225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8457277467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8560731692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2405912.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739919.288451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746163.313170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2405912.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739919.288451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746163.313170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2405912.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739919.288451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746163.313170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        11501                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.455559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         191375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        13547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        14.126744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.934848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.231975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1509.392397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         505.896339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.737008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.247020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 27356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8794                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  27504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27502                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 27504                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               11499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                11499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               11499                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9333868470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9415110006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9333868470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9415110006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9333868470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9415110006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8794                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             39003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 814615.855298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818776.415862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 814615.855298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818776.415862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 814615.855298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818776.415862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           11498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          11498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8326449886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8404090917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8326449886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8404090917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8326449886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8404090917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893683.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 726756.558087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730917.630631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893683.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 726756.558087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730917.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893683.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 726756.558087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730917.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         8276                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.228297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         214170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        10321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        20.750896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.155974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     7.299568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1381.918435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         619.854320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.674765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.302663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 26971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  27176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27174                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 27176                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                8278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 8278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                8278                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95750294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6738805646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6834555940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95750294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6738805646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     6834555940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95750294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6738805646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    6834555940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             35249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              35454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             35454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335373.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818114.076241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825628.888620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335373.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818114.076241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825628.888620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2335373.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818114.076241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825628.888620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            8278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           8278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92149464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6015484348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6107633812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92149464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6015484348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6107633812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92149464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6015484348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6107633812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247547.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730300.394318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737815.150036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247547.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730300.394318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737815.150036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2247547.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730300.394318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737815.150036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        32751                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.936735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         200258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        34799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.754706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.764541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.055807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1805.714204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         236.402184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.881696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.115431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               12334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38681                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38682                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               32713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                32751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32710                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               32751                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85953343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30816251906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30902205249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59007045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59007045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85953343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30875258951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    30961212294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     85953343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  30875258951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   30961212294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             71366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           12334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              71433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             71433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.567164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2096423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943200.658239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944646.019900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1552816.973684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1552816.973684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2096423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943908.864292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945351.662361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2096423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943908.864292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945351.662361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5167                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5167                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           32751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          32751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82352377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27947392653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28029745030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55670645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55670645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82352377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28003063298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28085415675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82352377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28003063298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28085415675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.458181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2008594.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855392.772190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856838.108092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1465016.973684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1465016.973684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2008594.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 856100.987404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857543.759733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2008594.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 856100.987404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857543.759733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040162.548387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163369999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4590.205361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9505659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9505659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16568189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16568189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16568189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20383486492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20383486492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134353996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134353996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20517840488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20517840488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20517840488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20517840488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9596440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224534.720834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224534.720834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64314.981331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64314.981331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 220930.768687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220930.768687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 220930.768687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220930.768687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8520748331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8520748331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15044447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15044447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8535792778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535792778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8535792778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535792778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242555.960346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242555.960346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73031.296117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73031.296117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241567.646187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241567.646187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241567.646187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241567.646187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.928654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008483666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1943128.450867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.928654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11571195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11571195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11571195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11571195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11571195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11571195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     90531152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90531152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11571255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11571255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11571255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11571255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11571255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11571255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1508852.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66026689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66026689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1500606.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                38908                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165335342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4221.615310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.521988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.478012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7967898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7967898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6708419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6708419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14676317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14676317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14676317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14676317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       124482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       125378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       125378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       125378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       125378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42300107064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42300107064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75610567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75610567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42375717631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42375717631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  42375717631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42375717631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8092380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8092380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6709315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6709315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17272                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14801695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14801695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14801695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14801695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339809.025112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339809.025112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84386.793527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84386.793527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337983.678405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337983.678405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337983.678405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337983.678405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        85725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11357633153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11357633153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9724610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9724610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11367357763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11367357763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11367357763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11367357763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 293047.272828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293047.272828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64401.390728                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64401.390728                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292159.909607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292159.909607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292159.909607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292159.909607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.927978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008499583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1943159.119461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.927978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11587112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11587112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11587112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11587112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11587112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11587112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104190143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11587174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11587174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11587174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11587174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11587174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11587174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1680486.177419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80347512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826079.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                38976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165356012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                39232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4214.824939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.522575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.477425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7979018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7979018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6717968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17251                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14696986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14696986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14696986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14696986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       124754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       125634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       125634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       125634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41828573787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41828573787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     74211792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74211792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41902785579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41902785579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  41902785579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41902785579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8103772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6718848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14822620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14822620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14822620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14822620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335288.437942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335288.437942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84331.581818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84331.581818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333530.617341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333530.617341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333530.617341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333530.617341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        85927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11229760566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229760566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9596542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9596542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11239357108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11239357108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11239357108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11239357108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289225.553507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289225.553507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64406.322148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64406.322148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288366.099856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288366.099856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288366.099856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288366.099856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              528.473759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013345225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1911972.122642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.473759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10677544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10677544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10677544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10677544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10677544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10677544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83637732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83637732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83637732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83637732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83637732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83637732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10677606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10677606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10677606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10677606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10677606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10677606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1348995.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1348995.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1348995.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1348995.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1348995.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1348995.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59290956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59290956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59290956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59290956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59290956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59290956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1482273.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482273.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1482273.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482273.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1482273.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482273.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                62964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              178944900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                63220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2830.510914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.022965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.977035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7399109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7399109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6128350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6128350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13527459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       13527459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13527459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      13527459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       164790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       165666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       165666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       165666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       165666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72315398649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72315398649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    331672351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331672351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72647071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72647071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72647071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72647071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7563899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7563899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6129226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6129226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        14298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13693125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13693125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13693125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13693125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 438833.658893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438833.658893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 378621.405251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 378621.405251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 438515.271691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438515.271691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 438515.271691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438515.271691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       335756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       167878                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       102702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       102702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28352390616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28352390616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     30745739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30745739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28383136355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28383136355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28383136355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28383136355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451133.556351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451133.556351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 262784.094017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262784.094017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 450783.564497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450783.564497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 450783.564497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450783.564497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              577.496734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1038175084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1780746.284734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.247607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.249127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10459763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10459763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10459763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10459763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10459763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10459763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10459822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10459822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10459822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10459822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10459822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10459822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                71342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              443144751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                71598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              6189.345387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.899542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.100458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     27397347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27397347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14997571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14997571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42394918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       42394918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42394918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      42394918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       261621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       261621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128053916953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128053916953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128319326135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128319326135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128319326135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128319326135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     27658697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27658697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14997842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14997842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7314                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42656539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42656539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42656539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42656539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489970.985089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489970.985089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490477.928511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490477.928511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490477.928511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490477.928511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33794505609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33794505609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33859777117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33859777117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33859777117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33859777117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474129.180647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474129.180647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474605.456975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474605.456975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474605.456975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474605.456975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.422319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013357580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915609.792060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.422319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10689899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10689899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10689899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10689899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10689899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10689899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69118407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69118407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10689960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10689960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10689960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10689960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10689960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10689960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1133088.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48550731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48550731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244890.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              178961528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                63198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2831.759359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.073674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.926326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7408177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7408177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6135947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6135947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13544124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13544124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13544124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13544124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       164588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       165393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       165393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       165393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       165393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72106827003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72106827003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    271252370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271252370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72378079373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72378079373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72378079373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72378079373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7572765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7572765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6136752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6136752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13709517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13709517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     13709517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13709517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 438105.007674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438105.007674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336959.465839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336959.465839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 437612.712588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437612.712588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 437612.712588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437612.712588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       549562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       549562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       101761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       102449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       102449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28178238329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28178238329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26465619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26465619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28204703948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28204703948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28204703948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28204703948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448505.233880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448505.233880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226201.871795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226201.871795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448092.017476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448092.017476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448092.017476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448092.017476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.637483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013333240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911949.509434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.637483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10665559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10665559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10665559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10665559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10665559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10665559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77968750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77968750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77968750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77968750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77968750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77968750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10665623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10665623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10665623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10665623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10665623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10665623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1218261.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218261.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1218261.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1218261.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1218261.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1218261.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55884876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55884876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55884876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55884876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55884876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55884876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1397121.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1397121.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1397121.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1397121.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1397121.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1397121.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178933343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2835.485984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.071073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.928927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7392675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7392675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6123308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6123308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13515983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13515983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13515983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13515983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       164867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       164867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       164867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72176996532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72176996532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    313999996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    313999996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72490996528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72490996528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  72490996528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72490996528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7556731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7556731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6124119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6124119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13680850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13680850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13680850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13680850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439953.409397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439953.409397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 387176.320592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387176.320592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439693.792742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439693.792742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 439693.792742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439693.792742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177495                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       101324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       102018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28472160265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28472160265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32199629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32199629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28504359894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28504359894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28504359894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28504359894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453869.799544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453869.799544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 275210.504274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275210.504274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453537.206543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453537.206543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453537.206543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453537.206543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.458153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009217225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1944541.859345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.458153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10997480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10997480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10997480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10997480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10997480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10997480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102849595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102849595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102849595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102849595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102849595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102849595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10997535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10997535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10997535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10997535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10997535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10997535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1869992.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869992.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1869992.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869992.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1869992.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869992.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67387163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67387163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67387163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67387163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67387163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67387163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1821274.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821274.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1821274.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821274.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1821274.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821274.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                50566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              170847111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                50822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3361.676262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.599801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.400199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7750931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7750931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6558325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6558325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14309256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14309256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14309256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14309256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       172834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       178017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       178017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       178017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       178017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  72569925337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72569925337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3301790278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3301790278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75871715615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75871715615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75871715615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75871715615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7923765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6563508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6563508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14487273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14487273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14487273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14487273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419882.229984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419882.229984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 637042.307158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 637042.307158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426204.888381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426204.888381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426204.888381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426204.888381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46438635                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 539984.127907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       122417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17039371166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17039371166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17137157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17137157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17056508323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17056508323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17056508323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17056508323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337968.763830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337968.763830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115014.476510                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115014.476510                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337311.796919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337311.796919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337311.796919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337311.796919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.193242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009216922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1948295.216216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.193242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10997177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10997177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10997177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10997177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91218410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10997231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10997231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10997231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10997231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10997231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10997231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689229.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62437772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1734382.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                50545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              170848278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                50801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3363.088876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.600380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.399620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7752730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7752730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6557671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6557671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14310401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14310401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14310401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14310401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       178407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       178407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       178407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72884231730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72884231730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3247381518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3247381518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  76131613248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76131613248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  76131613248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76131613248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7925978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7925978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6562830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6562830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14488808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14488808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14488808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14488808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 420693.062719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420693.062719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 629459.491762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629459.491762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 426729.967143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426729.967143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 426729.967143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426729.967143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47039702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 553408.258824                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           17948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       122849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17038991717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17038991717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14790443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14790443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17053782160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17053782160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17053782160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17053782160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338081.940455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338081.940455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101304.404110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101304.404110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337398.004946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337398.004946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337398.004946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337398.004946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.141421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1008472651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1935648.082534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    45.141421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.072342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11560180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11560180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11560180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11560180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11560180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11560180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119269312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119269312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11560250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11560250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11560250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11560250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11560250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11560250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703847.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       331837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 165918.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88329952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88329952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920216.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                38812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              165316233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                39068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4231.499770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.517572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.482428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7958479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7958479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6698595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6698595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16128                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14657074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14657074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14657074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14657074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       124286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       125142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       125142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       125142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       125142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42702792968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42702792968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72190704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72190704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42774983672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42774983672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42774983672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42774983672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8082765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8082765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6699451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6699451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16128                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16128                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14782216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14782216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14782216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14782216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343584.900697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343584.900697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84334.934579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84334.934579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 341811.571431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341811.571431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 341811.571431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341811.571431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        85619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        38812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11462193401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11462193401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9368228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9368228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11471561629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11471561629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11471561629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11471561629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296433.480772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296433.480772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64608.468966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64608.468966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 295567.392276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295567.392276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 295567.392276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295567.392276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.182778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              927897459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648130.477798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.964983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.217795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11170014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11170014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11170014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44142115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44142115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11170062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11170062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11170062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919627.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     38723819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38723819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1075661.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                50298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              222285937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                50554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4396.999980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.825712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.174288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.788382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.211618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16430011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16430011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3162678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3162678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19592689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19592689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19592689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19592689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       177934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       177934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78351861734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78351861734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25917630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25917630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78377779364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78377779364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78377779364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78377779364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16607644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16607644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3162979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3162979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19770623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19770623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19770623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19770623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441088.433647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441088.433647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86105.083056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86105.083056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440487.930154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440487.930154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440487.930154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440487.930154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15899012593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15899012593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4351342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15903363935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15903363935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15903363935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15903363935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316517.938982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316517.938982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64945.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64945.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316182.829039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316182.829039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316182.829039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316182.829039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.434492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              927871069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1651016.137011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.415256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.019236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11143624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11143624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11143624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11143624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11143624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11143624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49519227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49519227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49519227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49519227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49519227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49519227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11143673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11143673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11143673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11143673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11143673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11143673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010596.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010596.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010596.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1010596.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1010596.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1010596.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39020924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39020924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39020924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39020924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     39020924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39020924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1114883.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114883.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1114883.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114883.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1114883.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114883.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                50145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              222238448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                50401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4409.405528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.710028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.289972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.791836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.208164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16389024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16389024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3156195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3156195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19545219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19545219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19545219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19545219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       177521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       177521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79696326221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79696326221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24128379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24128379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79720454600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79720454600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  79720454600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79720454600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16566264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16566264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3156476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3156476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19722740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19722740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19722740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19722740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449652.032391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449652.032391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85866.117438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85866.117438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449076.191549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449076.191549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449076.191549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449076.191549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            5855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16117716138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16117716138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4214944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4214944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16121931082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16121931082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16121931082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16121931082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321839.379752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321839.379752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64845.292308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64845.292308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321506.253505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321506.253505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321506.253505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321506.253505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.263119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1008486387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1939396.898077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.263119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.070934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11573916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11573916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11573916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11573916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11573916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11573916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139705284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139705284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139705284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139705284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139705284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139705284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11573984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11573984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11573984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11573984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11573984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11573984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2054489.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2054489.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2054489.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2054489.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2054489.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2054489.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585297.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107775484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107775484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107775484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107775484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107775484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107775484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2395010.755556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395010.755556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2395010.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395010.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2395010.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2395010.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                38869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165333223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4225.769278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.515907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.484093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7966975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7966975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6707249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6707249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14674224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14674224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14674224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14674224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       124558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       125422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       125422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       125422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       125422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42277853618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42277853618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     72736462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72736462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42350590080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42350590080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42350590080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42350590080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8091533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8091533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6708113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6708113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14799646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14799646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14799646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14799646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339423.028774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339423.028774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84185.719907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84185.719907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337664.764395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337664.764395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337664.764395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337664.764395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        85835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11335766764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11335766764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9434848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9434848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11345201612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11345201612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11345201612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11345201612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292739.890091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292739.890091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64622.246575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64622.246575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 291883.033060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291883.033060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 291883.033060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291883.033060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.169193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008500788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1946912.718147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.169193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11588317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11588317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11588317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11588317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11588317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11588317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11588380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11588380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11588380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11588380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11588380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11588380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                38960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165350735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                39216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4216.410011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.519988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.480012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7976225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7976225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6715339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6715339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14691564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14691564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14691564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14691564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       124821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       125693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       125693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42007963493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42007963493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     73526604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73526604                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42081490097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42081490097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42081490097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42081490097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8101046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8101046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6716211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6716211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14817257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14817257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14817257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14817257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336545.641302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336545.641302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84319.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84319.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334795.812790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334795.812790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334795.812790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334795.812790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11212213948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11212213948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9532208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9532208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11221746156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11221746156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11221746156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11221746156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288885.240338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288885.240338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64406.810811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64406.810811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288032.498871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288032.498871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288032.498871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288032.498871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              497.232171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011916542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2031960.927711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.232171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11908442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11908442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11908442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11908442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11908442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11908442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140628322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140628322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140628322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140628322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140628322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140628322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11908504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11908504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11908504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11908504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11908504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11908504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2268198.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2268198.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2268198.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2268198.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2268198.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2268198.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2278979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 759659.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96221299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96221299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96221299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96221299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96221299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96221299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2237704.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2237704.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2237704.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2237704.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2237704.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2237704.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163370436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4580.565132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.471136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.528864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9505220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9505220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7063253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7063253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18387                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18387                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16568473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16568473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16568473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16568473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        91086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        93177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        93177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20524066499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20524066499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134571287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134571287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20658637786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20658637786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20658637786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20658637786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9596306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9596306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7065344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7065344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18387                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18387                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16661650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16661650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 225326.246613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225326.246613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64357.382592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64357.382592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221713.918521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221713.918521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221713.918521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221713.918521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8561303444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8561303444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14957756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14957756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8576261200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8576261200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8576261200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8576261200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243177.397148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243177.397148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72964.663415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72964.663415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242192.008133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242192.008133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242192.008133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242192.008133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              580.314657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1038182563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1774671.047863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.236461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.078196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10467242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10467242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10467242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10467242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10467242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10467242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116573504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116573504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116573504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116573504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116573504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116573504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10467306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10467306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10467306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10467306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10467306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10467306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1821461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1821461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1821461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1821461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       695405                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86365725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86365725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86365725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86365725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86365725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86365725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2056326.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056326.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2056326.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056326.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2056326.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056326.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              443141281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              6185.064008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.900243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.099757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     27391075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27391075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15000367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15000367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     42391442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       42391442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     42391442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      42391442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       261880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       261880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       261880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 127992280096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127992280096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220118997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    220118997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128212399093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128212399093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128212399093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128212399093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     27652689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27652689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15000633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15000633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     42653322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42653322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     42653322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42653322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489240.943130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489240.943130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 827515.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827515.026316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489584.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489584.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489584.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489584.539075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262388                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           12334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190489                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33727168069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33727168069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61238362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61238362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33788406431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33788406431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  33788406431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33788406431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 472872.638509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472872.638509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914005.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914005.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473286.638806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473286.638806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473286.638806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473286.638806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
