
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001063                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1063193625                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400559908023                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 410404                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540104                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28414.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11661571309                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346990041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        79232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        26752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        77696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               520960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       201728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            201728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3250584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17095663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1805880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24921143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1805880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25402711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3130192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     15289783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1685488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20346247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3130192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     74522644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1685488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19985071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1444704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25643495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1685488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     31783486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3250584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17216055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1805880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25161927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2889408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     73077940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3130192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     15169391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1805880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     32144662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1685488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20827815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3009800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14206255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               489995414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3250584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1805880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1805880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3130192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1685488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3130192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1685488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1444704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1685488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3250584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1805880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2889408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3130192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1805880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1685488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3009800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37201126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         189737782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              189737782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         189737782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3250584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17095663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1805880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24921143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1805880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25402711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3130192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     15289783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1685488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20346247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3130192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     74522644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1685488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19985071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1444704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25643495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1685488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     31783486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3250584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17216055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1805880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25161927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2889408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     73077940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3130192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     15169391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1805880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     32144662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1685488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20827815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3009800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14206255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              679733195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172704                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21308                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1031                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1179307                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              245233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2100653     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11473      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17947      0.77%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25114      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21236      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11616      0.50%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17580      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116388      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2345886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082674                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1996709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        65268                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38943                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1446006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38943                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2002689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1444332                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2015781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6716669                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6716669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         300547                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          296                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764048     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245504     10.47%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122557      5.22%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86553      3.69%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69360      2.96%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28917      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18186      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9425      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1336      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           304     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          899     36.87%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142513     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20208      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123237      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71955      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532659                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2438                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5064781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38943                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115765                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2071361                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795050     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257306     11.15%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93756      4.06%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44770      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42301      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22132      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16537      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8500      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26591      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3721671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2921621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                203740                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.549626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.549626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6019907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1339168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173927                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1109266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       134918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         55415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        32488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          124556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2356049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2109647     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          36878      1.57%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19140      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          36048      1.53%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11881      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          33380      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5354      0.23%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9009      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          94712      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2356049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.435070                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1975614                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        96426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37952                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1246571                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37952                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1982733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         63259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13254                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          239991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        18859                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1243952                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        16982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1638282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5642878                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5642878                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1302762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         335500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           33968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       218967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          215                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2356049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850974     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166201      7.05%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161186      6.84%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97632      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50772      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13178      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15454      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          295      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2356049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2088     58.18%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          836     23.29%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          665     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904170     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9222      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198287     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36268      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.450274                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003126                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1103                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37952                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         32024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10350                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             231258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            36264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443773                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1117435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1117048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          675752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1490984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.438122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.453226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881548                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       995569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945913     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147169      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93974      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29136      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48664      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9792      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6309      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5546      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31594      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       881548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       995569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               207892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              172320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           152840                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          870438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3522327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2509644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45179                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                193577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            881548                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              995569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       881548                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.892215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.892215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5248387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1462089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1312276                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2549622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         195973                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1110198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            195973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       135095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              246570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         55261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        32911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          124637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2358713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2112143     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          37047      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19074      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36117      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          11805      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33377      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5385      0.23%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8988      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          94777      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2358713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.076864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.435436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1975085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        99564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          245957                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        19304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1247018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1982473                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         65543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        13404                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          239965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        19484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1244355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        17548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1638650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5643753                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5643753                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1304312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         334325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       219177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        36623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2358713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852917     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166845      7.07%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161140      6.83%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97828      4.15%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50759      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13097      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15468      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2358713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2075     58.06%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     23.42%     81.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904656     78.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9231      0.80%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198622     17.29%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36259      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.450597                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661082                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          900                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         32924                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17952                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             231650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         171790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            36255                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.444173                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1118406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1118043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          676338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1490293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.438513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.453829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       996887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948241     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147372      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94063      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29105      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48741      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9834      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6309      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5554      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31651      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       882866                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       996887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               208293                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              172717                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           153056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          871544                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3525540                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2510518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                190909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            882866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              996887                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       882866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.887892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.887892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5253385                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1463084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1313574                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         230215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191839                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89326                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1993064                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1262222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            230215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       106084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        67432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          125500                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2101971     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          15854      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19990      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32121      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13071      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17106      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          19852      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9323      0.39%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         134769      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2364057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090294                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.495062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1981365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        80470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          260798                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1542253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1983850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        68145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          258440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1532431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2141275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7121531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7121531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1753748                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         387527                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       145284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          371                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433695                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1763636     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272840     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111776      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63421      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84491      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26912      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26322      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13564      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1095      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10027     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     11.03%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1287     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197178     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19162      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130829      9.21%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73476      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.557266                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008950                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220433                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1119                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1387                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13136                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             201549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         196509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73452                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1381340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1381304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          827202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2224942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.541767                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1790442     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270163     11.63%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97940      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48488      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44479      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18830      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18710      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8875      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24872      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1020123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1256934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               186411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113997                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           182156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1131663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25939                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24872                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3792246                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3029928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                185569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1020123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1256934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1020123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.499332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.499332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.400107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.400107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6271831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1932661                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1423994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         207536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986308                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1185625                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            207536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       100375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              259462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        60302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          123879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2087227     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27616      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32096      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17707      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19949      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11389      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7720      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20381      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122604      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2346689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.465019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1970001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        77181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1446962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1973430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        53908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          255862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1445255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2011437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6729079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6729079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1689114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         322323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       138604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1739                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16333                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454878                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776918     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228129      9.72%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123456      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85472      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74552      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38188      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9499      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6006      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     45.95%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1341     43.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135034     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21175      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125223      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73796      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531605                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5062539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1638377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3283                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         185818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522960                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1330532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1330456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          792464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2077226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381501                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       991726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1216539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1809308     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230694     10.00%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96956      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57548      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39911      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26044      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13762      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10779      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21425      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       991726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1216539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               184019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1096771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3727052                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2924365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32144                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                202937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            991726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1216539                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       991726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.570898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.570898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6012410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1850094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1348531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         198396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1172212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            198396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        95527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              240544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         67169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        61247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2266529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2025985     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12704      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20394      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          30163      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12731      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14900      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15720      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10892      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         123040      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2266529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1895732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        85941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          238693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        44722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1419697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        44722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1900591                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         40528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        30168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          235386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15129                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1416231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1375                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1937401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6600684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6600684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1586172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         351229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          313                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           43001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       143585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        78853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          316                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2266529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706474     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227306     10.03%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125445      5.53%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82618      3.65%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75203      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23314      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16595      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5819      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3755      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2266529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           375     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1361     41.79%     53.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1521     46.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081592     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24173      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130508      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77357      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.515281                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3257                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1635609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30914                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5091                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1020                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        44722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         28133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411348                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             200637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         175460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            77207                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.507580                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1289285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1289161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          763123                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1935786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.505627                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1159861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2221807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751663     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223628     10.07%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93276      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47462      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35587      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20320      0.91%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12598      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10425      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26848      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2221807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       951139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1159861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               186433                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              112671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           161130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1048515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3607232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2869314                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 34730                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                283097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            951139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1159861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       951139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.680603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.680603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373050                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373050                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5875096                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1761379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1345911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         207819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1186962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            207819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       100098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              259541                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        59446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          123865                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21761                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2086635     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          27577      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          32025      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          17559      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          20018      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11440      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7657      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          20354      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         122911      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2346176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.465544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1970010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        76269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          257266                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        40591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1448694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        40591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1973493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         14902                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        52390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          255859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1446845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2013525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6736294                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6736294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1687668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         325857                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           26186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       138984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776921     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227893      9.71%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123285      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85216      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74690      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38192      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9436      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6073      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4470      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.78%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.25%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     42.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134302     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21195      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125294      9.25%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73763      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5060696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        40591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         10912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          726                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             190775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         185647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            73721                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1329916                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1329835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          791465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2075579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521580                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21979                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2305585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1809011     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230355      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96839      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57375      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40102      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26031      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13756      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10790      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21326      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2305585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       990830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1215395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               183808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              111620                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1095726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        21326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3727663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2927401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                203450                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            990830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1215395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       990830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.573222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.573222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6009874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1849073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1349820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2549623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       126756                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1110278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       134952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              246686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         55354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        33359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2357574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.784019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2110888     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          37206      1.58%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19096      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          36020      1.53%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11763      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          33351      1.41%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5341      0.23%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8947      0.38%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          94962      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2357574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.435468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1973883                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        99394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          246070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        19327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1247609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1981213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         65194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          240096                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        19308                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1244963                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        17404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1640002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5646688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5646688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1303759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         336243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       218767                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236731                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1109                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2357574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1851849     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166635      7.07%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161226      6.84%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98023      4.16%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50670      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13096      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15405      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          350      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          320      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2357574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2072     58.40%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          816     23.00%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          660     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905006     78.78%     78.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9238      0.80%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198144     17.25%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36285      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.450559                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3548                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003089                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4659743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1475066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         33142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218767                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10237                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             231244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            36276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.444123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1118448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1118191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          676484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1491289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.438571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.453624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       996416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1947262     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147315      6.35%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93862      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29102      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48734      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9752      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6365      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5519      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31694      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       882395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       996416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               208148                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              172574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           152979                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          871148                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3524895                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2511965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                192049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            882395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              996416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       882395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.889435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.889435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.346088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.346088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5252834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1463571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1313536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         200198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10924                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1257233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            200198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        80481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              247791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         38438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        44326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          122124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2418116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2170325     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8540      0.35%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18380      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7215      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          40395      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          36319      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6914      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14844      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         115184      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2418116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.078521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.493105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2088080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        56634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          246813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1474137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2090881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         38000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        11321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          244858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1472503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1738490                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6929976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6929976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1508110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         230354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           20742                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       343652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       172647                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          920                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2418116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1920716     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148348      6.13%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122604      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52941      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67292      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64472      2.67%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36897      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3006      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1840      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2418116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3537     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27353     86.26%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          819      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883618     63.07%     63.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12267      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332970     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172112     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549512                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022632                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5252845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         34356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172647                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        14002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389860                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331698                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             503780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         181891                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           172082                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1387429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1387315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          751005                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1485186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1118202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1314204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        12220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915309     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174433      7.29%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81692      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80543      3.37%     94.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21856      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93580      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7202      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5154      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12518      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1118202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1314204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               498472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              327292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           173592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1168695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3847702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2961717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 47241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                131510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1118202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1314204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1118202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.280112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.280112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.438575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.438575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6861599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1617736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1745831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1179172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       102073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              244972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         61468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        45123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2101034     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11349      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17831      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23843      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          25043      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          21339      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11571      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17702      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         116294      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2346006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1996463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        65980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          244342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34436                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1445737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2002463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         12878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        40251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1444148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2015308                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6715268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6715268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1715448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         299852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           40418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       136373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        27344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764222     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245495     10.46%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122548      5.22%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86492      3.69%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69282      2.95%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29031      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18181      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9512      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           314     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          915     37.10%     49.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1237     50.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142350     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20243      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123251      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71952      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5064730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619167                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115659                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             187595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         189590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1335605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1335514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          768048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2070727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.370907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210563                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22198                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795166     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257467     11.16%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93778      4.06%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44672      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42328      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22076      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16518      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8542      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26620      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1230593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1108762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25335                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3721690                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2921164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                203620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1230593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.549315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.549315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6018803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1861822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1338914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1109379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       134813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              246345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         55433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        32433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2355747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2109402     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          36845      1.56%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19105      0.81%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36023      1.53%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11919      0.51%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33339      1.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5364      0.23%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9017      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94733      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2355747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1974614                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        97168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          245738                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37963                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1246591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37963                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1981806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         63750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          239886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        19050                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1243937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        17149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1638355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5642636                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5642636                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1302546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         335799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           34287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       218936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        36678                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2355747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850674     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166411      7.06%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160937      6.83%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97582      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50832      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13185      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15470      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2355747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2081     58.13%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          838     23.41%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904126     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9219      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198297     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36270      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.450260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003118                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4656419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117022                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37963                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         32063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2252                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36678                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10335                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             231326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443787                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1117421                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1117022                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          675720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1490741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.438112                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.453278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       995386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2317784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945645     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147178      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93943      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29124      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48643      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9816      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6325      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5532      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31578      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2317784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       881365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       995386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               207837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              172265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           152809                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          870286                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3521980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2509545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45177                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                193879                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            881365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              995386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       881365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.892815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.892815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5248582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1462141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1312393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         197420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75208                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1169508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            197420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        94819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              239896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         66946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        61938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2267811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2027915     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          12666      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20176      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          30139      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12705      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          14793      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          15297      0.67%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          11138      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         122982      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2267811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.458698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1896539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        87231                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          238109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        44526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31992                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1417298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        44526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1901506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         40867                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          234678                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        15836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1414199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1834                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1933758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6593232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6593232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1586882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         346876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          313                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           44130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       143660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        79236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          316                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508809                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2267811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708110     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226980     10.01%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125266      5.52%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82654      3.64%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75220      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23358      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16732      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5717      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3774      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2267811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           359     10.81%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1435     43.20%     54.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1528     46.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081173     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24213      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130554      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77662      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.515270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002529                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4900666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1630703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5437                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1072                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        44526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         29260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             201039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         175413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            77500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.507532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1289067                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1288922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          762716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1935034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.505534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250350                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2223285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752845     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224014     10.08%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93157      4.19%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47510      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35429      1.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20413      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12579      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10443      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26895      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2223285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       951552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1160374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               186516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              112717                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           161200                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1048978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        22612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26895                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3607101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2865989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 34863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                281815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            951552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1160374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       951552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.679439                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.679439                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.373212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.373212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5874481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1760435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1343484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         230100                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81781                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1992750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1261894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            230100                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       106047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              261983                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        68026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2102224     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15831      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19983      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32121      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13043      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17066      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19863      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9332      0.39%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         134744      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2364207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090249                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.494933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1981047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        81069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          260690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34683                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1541823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1983542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        68714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          258324                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1531964                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2140666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7119541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7119541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1753527                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         387100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       145216                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        73811                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493604                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1420646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2022                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1763804     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272926     11.54%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111650      4.72%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63492      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84429      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26942      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26324      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13546      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1094      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10021     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     11.03%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1197042     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19157      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130787      9.21%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73486      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1420646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.557198                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008947                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220228                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31231                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1403                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1493977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145216                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73811                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          582                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1394260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             201506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         196458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546849                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1381175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1381138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          827170                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2225100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.541702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371745                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1019999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237174                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1790682     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270133     11.63%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97925      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48487      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44462      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18842      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18697      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8884      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24864      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1019999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1256784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               186393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              113985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1131527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25936                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24864                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3792057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3029178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                185419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1019999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1256784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1019999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.499636                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.499636                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.400058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.400058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6270996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1932488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1423668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         199979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12176                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          543                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2100396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1256884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            199979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        80515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              247679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        43583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2417625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2169946     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8612      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18242      0.75%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7334      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          40405      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          36246      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6838      0.28%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14893      0.62%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115109      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2417625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.492968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2088433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        55942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          246714                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1473242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2091161                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         37685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        11010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          244813                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1471569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           17                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1737297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6925929                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6925929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1506960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         230337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       343327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       172667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       319412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2417625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1920526     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148212      6.13%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122438      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53011      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67177      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64605      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36787      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3044      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1825      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2417625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3557     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27343     86.18%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          826      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883179     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12264      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332843     23.77%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172114     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31726                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1598940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1386716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2590                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         34130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1191                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389289                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             503665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181742                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           172075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.544899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1386844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1386716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          750599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1484735                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543890                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505544                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915291     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174128      7.28%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81698      3.42%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80436      3.36%     94.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21795      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93636      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7242      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5128      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12482      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1117538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1313396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               498370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              327228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173467                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1167981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3846284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2959661                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 47284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                132001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1117538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1313396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1117538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.281467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.281467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.438314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.438314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6859114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1616873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1745377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         207305                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78839                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1184606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            207305                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        99911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              259063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         63511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        59766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          123900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2086045     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27444      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32182      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17636      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          19648      0.84%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11553      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7698      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20293      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         122609      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2345108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.464620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1968844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        76757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          256725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        40677                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1445604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        40677                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1972451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        52544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          255267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1443834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2009466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6722003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6722003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1684042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         325416                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26786                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       138532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        74241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1664                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16264                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       460250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776747     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227630      9.71%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123098      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85044      3.63%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74524      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38011      1.62%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9536      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6060      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4458      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     10.80%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     46.09%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1334     43.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132818     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21093      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124802      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73532      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3094                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5054960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1638889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327530                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2199                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        40677                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          760                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116735                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             190231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         185292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            73496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1327610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1327530                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          790551                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2072327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       988729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1212790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1808795     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230109      9.99%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96521      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57370      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39848      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25983      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13696      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10826      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21283      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       988729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1212790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               183425                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           173540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1093379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24652                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3723559                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2921509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                204518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            988729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1212790                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       988729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.578690                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.578690                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5999211                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1846309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1347054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2549626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         230449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192062                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1995000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1263800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            230449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       106191                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              262355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        68638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          125572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2104992     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15805      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20059      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32139      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13078      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17099      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19906      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9377      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         134892      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2367347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.495681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1983257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        81728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          261059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1544035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1985745                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        69347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          258704                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1534166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2143786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7129690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7129690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1756921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         386821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       145314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        73967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1422867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766027     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273300     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111953      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63434      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84587      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27066      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26284      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13591      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1105      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10042     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1407     11.04%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1291     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1198911     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19230      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130916      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73636      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1422867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.558069                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008954                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5227833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1383494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          664                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1496186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             201765                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         196806                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            73611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.547736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1383532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1383494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          828656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2228573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.542626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1021960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792915     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270619     11.63%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98152      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48581      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44525      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18858      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18720      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8896      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24944      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1021960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1259200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              114196                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           182494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1133682                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25980                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24944                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3797428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3033517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                182279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1021960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1259200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1021960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.494839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.494839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.400827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.400827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6281098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1935671                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1425862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4076                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32748.640052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           610387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.578044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1257.202640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.798906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    72.068596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.998567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    99.401567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.000180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    99.382950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.784467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.463824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.773494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    72.513559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.911516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   278.773036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.772910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    71.464608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.737902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   103.683491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.318546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   119.927910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.800427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    72.205252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.997611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.071093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.468139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   272.919357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.779620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    61.764417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.240988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   120.918043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.774261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    75.136576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.684177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    59.060229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1379.841536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2018.832198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2035.110355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1100.059745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1660.437726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2913.125050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1755.371093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2040.480176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2211.638241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1355.327404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2067.387146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2894.336130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1107.754664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2149.147362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1696.264332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1124.728032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.038367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.008507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.008329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.042109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.061610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.062107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.050673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.088902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.053570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.062271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.067494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.041361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.063092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.088328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.065587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.051766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.034324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4090028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21608614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2385921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31672859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2316003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31615664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3963527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19160667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2311154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25146138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3990100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83368604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2189887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25175234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32096236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2090731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40109168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4173856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21523209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2357007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31840169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3632030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     80235381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4044453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19298986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2344920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40400998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2075574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25764122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18193024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       594975454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       308322                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9772371                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10178472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       145766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20404931                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4090028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21608614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2385921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31672859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2316003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31615664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3963527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19160667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2311154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25454460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3990100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93140975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2189887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25175234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32096236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2090731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40109168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4173856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21523209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2357007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31840169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3632030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90413853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4044453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19298986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2344920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40400998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2075574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25909888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18193024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        615380385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4090028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21608614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2385921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31672859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2316003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31615664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3963527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19160667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2311154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25454460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3990100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93140975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2189887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25175234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1983772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32096236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2090731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40109168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4173856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21523209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2357007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31840169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3632030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90413853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4044453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19298986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2344920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     40400998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2075574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25909888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18193024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       615380385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.517306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.508011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.415926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.957746                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.878205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.543937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.536219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.322251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.423429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.543937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.536219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.322251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.423429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151482.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152173.338028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159061.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.980676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154400.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149837.270142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152443.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150871.393701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165082.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150575.676647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153465.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150756.969259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156420.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151658.036145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165314.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150686.553991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149337.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151928.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154587.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150511.951049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157133.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152345.306220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151334.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148859.705009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155555.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153166.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151314.599251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148255.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149791.406977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152696.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154178.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151277.766082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       154161                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148066.227273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149683.411765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       145766                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148941.102190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151482.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152173.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159061.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.980676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154400.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149837.270142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152443.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150871.393701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165082.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150618.106509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153465.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150470.072698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156420.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151658.036145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165314.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150686.553991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149337.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151928.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154587.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150511.951049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157133.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152345.306220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151334.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148951.981878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155555.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153166.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151314.599251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148255.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149768.138728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152696.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154178.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151199.111794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151482.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152173.338028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159061.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.980676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154400.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149837.270142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152443.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150871.393701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165082.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150618.106509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153465.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150470.072698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156420.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151658.036145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165314.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150686.553991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149337.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151928.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154587.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150511.951049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157133.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152345.306220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151334.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 148951.981878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155555.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153166.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151314.599251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148255.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149768.138728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152696.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 154178.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151199.111794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2518846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13338100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1514449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19611032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1444659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19323818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2449850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11767008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1497938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15422563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2479454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51173415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1377535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15509654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1286963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19687302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24745599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2602847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13198304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1486080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19665928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2237096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48859160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2533516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11964627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1471972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24862021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1261689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15746854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2364059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11321391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365999507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       191902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5928856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6215020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        87194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12422972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2518846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13338100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1514449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19611032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1444659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19323818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2449850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11767008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1497938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15614465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2479454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57102271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1377535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15509654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1286963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19687302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24745599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2602847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13198304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1486080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19665928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2237096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55074180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2533516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11964627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1471972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24862021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1261689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15834048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2364059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11321391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378422479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2518846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13338100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1514449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19611032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1444659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19323818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2449850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11767008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1497938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15614465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2479454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57102271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1377535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15509654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1286963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19687302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24745599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2602847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13198304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1486080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19665928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2237096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55074180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2533516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11964627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1471972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24862021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1261689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15834048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2364059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11321391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378422479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.517306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.508011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.323907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.957746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.543937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.536219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.322251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.423429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.543937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.408203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.536219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.322251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.423429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93290.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93930.281690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100963.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94739.285024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96310.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91582.075829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        94225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92653.606299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106995.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92350.676647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95363.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92537.820976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98395.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93431.650602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107246.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92428.647887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93733.329545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96401.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92295.832168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94095.349282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93212.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90647.792208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97442.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94957.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98131.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93116.183521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90120.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91551.476744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94562.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95943.991525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93058.608441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        95951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89831.151515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91397.352941                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        87194                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90678.627737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93290.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93930.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100963.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94739.285024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96310.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91582.075829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        94225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92653.606299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106995.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92393.284024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95363.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92249.226171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98395.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93431.650602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107246.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92428.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93733.329545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96401.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92295.832168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94095.349282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93212.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90731.762768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97442.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94957.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98131.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93116.183521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90120.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91526.289017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94562.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95943.991525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92978.496069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93290.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93930.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100963.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94739.285024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96310.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91582.075829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        94225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92653.606299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106995.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92393.284024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95363.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92249.226171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98395.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93431.650602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107246.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92428.647887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        91127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93733.329545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96401.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92295.832168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        99072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94095.349282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93212.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90731.762768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97442.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94957.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98131.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93116.183521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90120.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91526.289017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94562.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95943.991525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92978.496069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.057380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488358.900794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.057380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5621750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5621750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5621750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5621750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5621750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5621750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170356.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170356.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170356.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170356.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170356.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170356.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4873653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4873653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4873653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4873653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4873653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4873653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       168057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       168057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       168057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.447648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.775349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.224651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    152232819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152232819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153517642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153517642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153517642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153517642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120057.428233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120057.428233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85654.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85654.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119655.215900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119655.215900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119655.215900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119655.215900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     40920021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40920021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       225248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41145269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41145269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41145269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41145269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102300.052500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102300.052500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75082.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75082.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102097.441687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102097.441687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102097.441687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102097.441687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.997739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647141611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196195.214418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.997739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         124539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       124539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        124539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2866688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2866688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2866688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       124556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       124556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       124556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168628.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168628.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168628.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168628.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168628.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168628.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2527237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2527237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2527237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2527237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2527237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2527237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151389708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             196865.680104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   131.961479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   124.038521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.515475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.484525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       177513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         212920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       212920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        212920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205524068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205524068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205524068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    205524068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    205524068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    205524068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       179344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       214751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112246.896778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112246.896778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112246.896778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112246.896778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112246.896778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112246.896778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54672112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54672112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54672112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54672112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54672112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54672112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106573.317739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106573.317739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106573.317739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106573.317739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106573.317739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106573.317739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              539.999355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              647141692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1196195.364140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.999355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         124620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        124620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2788420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2788420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2788420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2788420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2788420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2788420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       124637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       124637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164024.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164024.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164024.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164024.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164024.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164024.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2462225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2462225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2462225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164148.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164148.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164148.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164148.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151390115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             196101.185233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   132.002201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   123.997799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.515634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.484366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       177916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       213327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         213327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       213327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        213327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    205369195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205369195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    205369195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    205369195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    205369195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    205369195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       215191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       215191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110176.606760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.606760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110176.606760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.606760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110176.606760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.606760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54201881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54201881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54201881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54201881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54201881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54201881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105042.405039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105042.405039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105042.405039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105042.405039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105042.405039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105042.405039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              467.025359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753574805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1560196.283644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.025359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         125464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       125464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        125464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5855225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5855225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5855225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5855225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5855225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5855225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162645.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162645.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162645.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162645.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162645.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162645.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4673324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4673324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4673324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166904.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166904.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166904.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166904.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166904.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166904.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109420387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169119.608964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.410999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.589001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.552387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.447613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        98242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       170289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         170289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       170289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        170289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    109379137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109379137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       627257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       627257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    110006394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110006394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    110006394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110006394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        99244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109160.815369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109160.815369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89608.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89608.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109025.167493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109025.167493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109025.167493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109025.167493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38747903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38747903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       172596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       172596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38920499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38920499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     38920499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38920499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99609.005141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99609.005141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        86298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99540.918159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99540.918159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99540.918159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99540.918159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.772600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750707590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513523.366935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.772600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         123860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        123860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3134524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3134524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3134524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3134524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3134524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3134524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       123879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       123879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164974.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164974.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164974.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2580079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2580079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2580079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2580079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2580079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2580079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184291.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184291.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184291.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184291.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184291.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184291.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118290188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             158353.665328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.471945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.528055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.630750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.369250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    202542237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202542237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10908529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10908529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    213450766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213450766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    213450766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213450766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120776.527728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120776.527728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160419.544118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160419.544118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122321.355874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122321.355874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122321.355874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122321.355874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     48880133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48880133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       324922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       324922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49205055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49205055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49205055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49205055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99959.372188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99959.372188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       162461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100213.961303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100213.961303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100213.961303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100213.961303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              508.362099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753891333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1458203.738878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.362099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.029426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5659757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5659757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5659757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5659757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5659757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5659757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161707.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161707.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161707.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161707.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161707.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161707.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4573774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4573774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4573774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4573774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4573774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4573774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169399.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169399.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169399.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169399.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169399.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169399.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125625409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             90118.657819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   189.831729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    66.168271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.741530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.258470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         163529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        163529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    331153920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    331153920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     88199403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88199403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    419353323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419353323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    419353323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419353323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        93210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        73362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       166572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       166572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130426.908232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130426.908232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 174998.815476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174998.815476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 137809.176142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137809.176142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 137809.176142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137809.176142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125369178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125369178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10639862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10639862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    136009040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136009040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    136009040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136009040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117277.060804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117277.060804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154200.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154200.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119515.852373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119515.852373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119515.852373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119515.852373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.772032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750707576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1513523.338710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.772032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         123846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        123846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3211129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3211129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3211129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3211129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3211129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3211129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       123865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       123865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169006.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169006.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169006.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169006.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169006.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169006.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2442019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2442019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2442019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2442019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174429.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174429.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174429.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174429.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 174429.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174429.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118289999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             157930.572764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   160.767368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    95.232632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.627998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.372002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        85839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    207381546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207381546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6246958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6246958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    213628504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213628504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    213628504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213628504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        87529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       159363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       159363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122710.973964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122710.973964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91867.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91867.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121517.920364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121517.920364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121517.920364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121517.920364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49475392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49475392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49475392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49475392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49475392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49475392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100355.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100355.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100355.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100355.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100355.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100355.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              537.737245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647141592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1202865.412639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    11.737245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.018810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.861758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2441110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2441110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2441110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2441110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2441110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2441110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       174365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       174365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       174365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       174365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       174365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2106983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2106983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2106983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2106983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2106983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2106983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175581.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175581.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175581.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151389739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             195089.869845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   135.318724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   120.681276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.528589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.471411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       177542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       212951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         212951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       212951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        212951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209015980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209015980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209015980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209015980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209015980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209015980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111653.835470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111653.835470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111653.835470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111653.835470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111653.835470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111653.835470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55099888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55099888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55099888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55099888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55099888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55099888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105961.323077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105961.323077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105961.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105961.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105961.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105961.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.317671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              769306824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1381161.263914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.317671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         122107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        122107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2808186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2808186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2808186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2808186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2808186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2808186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       122124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       122124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165187.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165187.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165187.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165187.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165187.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165187.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2324792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2324792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2324792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2324792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2324792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2324792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166056.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166056.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166056.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166056.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166056.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166056.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289563573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             286980.746283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.882835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.117165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.394074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.605926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       313107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       484119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         484119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       484119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        484119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    301374839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301374839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    301374839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    301374839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    301374839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    301374839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       315794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       171012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       486806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       486806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112160.342017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112160.342017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112160.342017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112160.342017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112160.342017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112160.342017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     77884874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77884874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     77884874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77884874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     77884874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77884874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103432.767596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103432.767596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103432.767596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103432.767596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103432.767596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103432.767596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              498.059283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750132810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1488358.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.059283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5989938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5989938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5989938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5989938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157629.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157629.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157629.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157629.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157629.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157629.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4775325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4775325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4775325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4775325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4775325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4775325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164666.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164666.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164666.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164666.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164666.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164666.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              113322583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             172484.905632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   143.383133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   112.616867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.560090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.439910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        84865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    149113673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149113673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1263342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1263342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150377015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150377015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150377015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150377015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        86114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119386.447558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119386.447558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 78958.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78958.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118875.110672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118875.110672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118875.110672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118875.110672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40556184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40556184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40748484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40748484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40748484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40748484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101899.959799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101899.959799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101617.167082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101617.167082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101617.167082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101617.167082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              539.996790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              647141584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1196195.164510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.996790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2898294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2898294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2898294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2898294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2898294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2898294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170487.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170487.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170487.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170487.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170487.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170487.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2486865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2486865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2486865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2486865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2486865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2486865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       165791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       165791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       165791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151389749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             197122.069010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   131.911660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   124.088340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.515280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.484720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       212961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         212961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       212961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        212961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208458022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208458022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208458022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208458022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208458022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208458022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       214801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       214801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113292.403261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113292.403261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113292.403261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113292.403261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113292.403261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113292.403261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54833938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54833938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54833938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54833938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54833938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54833938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107097.535156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107097.535156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107097.535156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107097.535156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107097.535156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107097.535156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              507.918974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753891384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1463866.765049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.918974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.028716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4729713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4729713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4729713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4729713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4729713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4729713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157657.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157657.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157657.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157657.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157657.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157657.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4067321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4067321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4067321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4067321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4067321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4067321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162692.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162692.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162692.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162692.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162692.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162692.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 1132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              125625548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             90508.319885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   189.605053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    66.394947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.740645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.259355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        72891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       163671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         163671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       163671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        163671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    326586269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    326586269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90677264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90677264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    417263533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417263533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    417263533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417263533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        93294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       166693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       166693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.026947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.018129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.018129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129907.028242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129907.028242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 178498.551181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178498.551181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138075.292191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138075.292191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138075.292191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138075.292191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122619356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122619356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11086807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11086807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133706163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133706163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133706163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133706163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115569.609802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115569.609802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 156152.211268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156152.211268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118114.984982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118114.984982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118114.984982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118114.984982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.020043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753574788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560196.248447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.020043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5784798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5784798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5784798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160688.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160688.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160688.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164985.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109420325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169119.513138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.393186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.606814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.552317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.447683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         170226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        170226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110245800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110245800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       490877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       490877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110736677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110736677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110736677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110736677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        99188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109916.051844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109916.051844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70125.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70125.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109640.274257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109640.274257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109640.274257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109640.274257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39211640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39211640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       144486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39356126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39356126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     39356126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39356126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100801.131105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100801.131105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100655.053708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100655.053708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100655.053708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100655.053708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              557.240089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769306842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1378686.096774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.240089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3039211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3039211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3039211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3039211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3039211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3039211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168845.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168845.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168845.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168845.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168845.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168845.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2564701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2564701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2564701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2564701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2564701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2564701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170980.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170980.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170980.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170980.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170980.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170980.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289563384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             286412.842730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.938136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.061864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       312957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       483931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         483931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       483931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        483931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    297008333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297008333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    297008333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    297008333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    297008333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    297008333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       315640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110700.086843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110700.086843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110700.086843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110700.086843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110700.086843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110700.086843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77912615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77912615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77912615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77912615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77912615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77912615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103195.516556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103195.516556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103195.516556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103195.516556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103195.516556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103195.516556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.773450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750707611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1513523.409274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.773450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         123881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        123881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2800411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2800411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2800411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2800411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2800411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2800411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       123900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       123900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147390.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147390.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147390.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147390.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147390.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147390.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160494.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160494.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160494.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160494.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160494.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160494.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118289705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             158353.018742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   160.719769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    95.280231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.627812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.372188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        85691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         157311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        157311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203013226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203013226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8516687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8516687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211529913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211529913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    211529913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211529913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        87357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121856.678271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121856.678271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125245.397059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125245.397059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121989.569204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121989.569204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121989.569204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121989.569204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     49163207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49163207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       154066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     49317273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49317273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     49317273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49317273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100333.075510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100333.075510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       154066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100442.511202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100442.511202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100442.511202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100442.511202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              466.928189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753574879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1563433.358921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.928189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5545175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5545175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5545175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5545175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5545175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5545175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       125572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       125572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163093.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163093.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163093.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163093.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163093.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163093.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4510892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4510892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4510892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167070.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167070.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167070.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167070.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167070.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167070.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109420524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             169119.820711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   141.414407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   114.585593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.552400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.447600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         170432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        170432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    106435947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106435947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1054696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1054696                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107490643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107490643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107490643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107490643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        99266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106756.215647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106756.215647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87891.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87891.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106531.856293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106531.856293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106531.856293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106531.856293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38192423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38192423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38400683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38400683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38400683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38400683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98434.079897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98434.079897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        69420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98211.465473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98211.465473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98211.465473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98211.465473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
