
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 273602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   351359                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 183536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57957.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15857225461                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20363810778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       363776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       237440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       235904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       236672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       386944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       388736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       236672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3601152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1130624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1130624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 28134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       336930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22321616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22177218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13380937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     22249417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36376413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       324897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22249417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               338542508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       336930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       324897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6618269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         106289400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              106289400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         106289400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       336930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22321616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       336930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22177218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13380937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     22249417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36376413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       324897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22249417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              444831907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1788941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1462766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17361501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10142884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1788941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       887855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2124889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        513187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       875075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1069583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18568775     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         115474      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         181343      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287298      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120686      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         136577      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         142689      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93879      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1046943      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17198544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1039747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2118019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       293318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12384002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17224455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        251861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       711747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2097944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        75748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12374040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5280                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17175777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     57552873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     57552873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14645162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2530610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          226170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       634948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       144226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12355254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11691038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3503050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15760826     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1981162      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082940      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739005      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688717      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198672      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153648      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52687      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36007      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2764     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.12%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10633     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9792997     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184525      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1416      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081824      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11691038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44113095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13929178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11501286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11712689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        171995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12358506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       204077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11524038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1647655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1622208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           629893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11501508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11501286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6725202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        17559622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.450873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8602233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10544028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       180636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079953     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2073595     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807894      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435388      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325288      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181534      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112544      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100093      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245468      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8602233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10544028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1581004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              966474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1513456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9501039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       214215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32474832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25049131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                283104                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4815264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10544028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.965384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.965384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51965517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15944518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11551808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2850                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1884245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10710384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1884245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       928329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2354795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        528913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1621128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1110233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22319079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19964284     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         254503      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         295082      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         162771      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         184893      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         103656      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          71091      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         182086      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1100713      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22319079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17854187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1773864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2334358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       305911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13072479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17883770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        585085                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1107498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2324701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        80534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13062976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        19881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        37508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18153082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     60820275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     60820275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15491830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2661212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          219066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       679740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       149979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13040061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1629327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3770688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22319079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17126735     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2088824      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122036      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776390      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678296      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346690      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85252      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54323      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40533      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22319079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11544     43.27%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12020     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10313777     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192334      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142874      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674243      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.483154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47013249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672991                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12116094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12351418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224331                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          351                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        543891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13043550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       211781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12140055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1746356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1698871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           674025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475914                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12116406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12116094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7201337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18857285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9098246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11162665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       187028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21981590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17420853     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115255      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886251      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531880      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368989      1.68%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238788      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123870      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99480      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196224      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21981590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9098246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11162665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1691263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1026868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1597675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10063556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       227139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       196224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           34829046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26425023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                277139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3189849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9098246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11162665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9098246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.803719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.803719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.356669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.356669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54766575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16814043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12202545                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1734737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1553689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148347                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18424737                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              9868168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1734737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1248893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2198922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        460411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       786089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1115658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     21730333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19531411     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         340559      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         164873      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         336717      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         101899      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         313394      1.44%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          47665      0.22%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          77598      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         816217      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     21730333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.386852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18259272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       956102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2194405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       318806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       158759                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1779                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     10993723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4314                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       318806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18278524                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        625415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       270190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2174860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        62534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     10976216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        47769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     14333822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     49676282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     49676282                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     11571276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2762520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          145388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2023762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       311455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2280                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        70177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         10919168                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1425                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        10207841                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2012791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4136986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21730333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17256822     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1382905      6.36%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526792      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873876      4.02%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443218      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111770      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129251      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3096      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2603      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21730333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16515     56.74%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6942     23.85%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5648     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7976125     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77209      0.76%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          701      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1845453     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308353      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     10207841                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.400167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42181718                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12933418                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9945600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     10236946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7926                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8693                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       318806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        553664                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10920603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2023762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3780                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       147095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10081870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1820443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       125971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2128776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1535745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           308333                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.395229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              9948354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             9945600                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6026550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        12962075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.389887                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.464937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7931257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      8892821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2028204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1414                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       138023                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21411527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18119917     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1279521      5.98%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834937      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261550      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440290      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83783      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52755      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48021      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290753      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21411527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      7931257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      8892821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1907147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1604389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1367728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         7760784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       107794                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       290753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           32041773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          22161137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                417670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3778595                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           7931257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             8892821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      7931257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.216253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.216253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.310921                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.310921                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       46926774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      12917476                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11742140                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1412                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1734596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1553829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163409                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18425539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              9867539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1734596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1248463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2198774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        461392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       771766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1115867                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21717429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19518655     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         340431      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         165081      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         336761      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         102145      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         312900      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          47664      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          77757      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         816035      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21717429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.386827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18260293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       941553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2194289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       158544                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     10992216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18279776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        610590                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       271035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2174520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        61938                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     10974559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        47231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     14331246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     49665178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     49665178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     11560953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2770293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          143942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2023041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       311302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        70383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         10916258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10204030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2017221                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4146681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21717429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17246050     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1382458      6.37%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1525231      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873472      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443498      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111959      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129011      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3159      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2591      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21717429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16696     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6928     23.73%     80.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5569     19.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7972129     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77055      0.76%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          700      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1846194     18.09%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       307952      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10204030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.400018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42161954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12934938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9940289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10233223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       319566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        541027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10917693                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2023041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3672                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       147423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10077084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1820409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2128334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1534582                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           307925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.395041                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              9942989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             9940289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6021407                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        12944013                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.389679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.465189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7925243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      8885445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2032701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       138235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21397863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18109197     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1278545      5.98%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834172      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260450      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440460      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83817      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52750      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47995      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290477      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21397863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      7925243                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      8885445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1906036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1603715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1366673                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         7754141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       107649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       290477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32025506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          22156111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                417514                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3791499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           7925243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             8885445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      7925243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.218693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.218693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.310685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.310685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       46903802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      12909271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11740704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2212194                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19237480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12133786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2212194                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1046519                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2529311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        565969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1744182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           91                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1196350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23877154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21347843     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         154915      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         195489      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         310346      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         130628      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         168505      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         195492      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89923      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1284013      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23877154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19129013                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1868526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2517263                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       361131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       336467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14834212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       361131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19148834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         61963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1751926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2498619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        54677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14743083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         7763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20586806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     68558442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     68558442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17192724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3394082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          192950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       721429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       164722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14390816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13795532                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3616046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23877154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18032035     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665651     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090027      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610610      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       828039      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255032      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250372      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134655      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10733      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23877154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94452     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13040     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12360     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11620767     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188626      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265515      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718919      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13795532                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51601697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16162159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13432993                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13915384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       361131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         47091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14394407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       233451                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13552781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1962557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1915832                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           718814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.531296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13433094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13432993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8049770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        21626642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.526600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372215                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12325705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204212                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23516023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18297116     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645870     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960772      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477859      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437428      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183380      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182014      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86654      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244930      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23516023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10002717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12325705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1828036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1117634                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1786431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11097271                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       254525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       244930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37665476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29150067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                294230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1631774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10002717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12325705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10002717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.550200                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.550200                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392126                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392126                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60978735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18770486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13715493                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1972880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1613940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       810402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8871                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18995618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11033964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1972880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       977862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2301527                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        530638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1002088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1163249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22633993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20332466     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         106649      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         169790      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         230744      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         236693      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         201190      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         112196      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         167943      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1076322      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22633993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18803794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1196577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2297085                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       324831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13537645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18854967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        160945                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       917485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2249239                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       117562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13532198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        16880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        50694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18884416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62949950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62949950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16354493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2529899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3302                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          353145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1266899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       686002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       275421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13515632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12831518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1939                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1501560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3597903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22633993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17117962     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2337270     10.33%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1163125      5.14%     91.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       820628      3.63%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652828      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       270751      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170792      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        88801      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11836      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22633993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2619     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7842     36.97%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10752     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10791898     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191609      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1607      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1162670      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       683734      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12831518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.503021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21213                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48320181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15020562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12637331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12852731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       204303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        132942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13518969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1266899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       686002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9728                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       221791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12653185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1093931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1777607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1797802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           683676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.496030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12637461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12637331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7254619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19550698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9533704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11731595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1787353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3238                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       196286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22300201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17412908     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2458178     11.02%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894811      4.01%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       429501      1.93%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405847      1.82%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210015      0.94%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153244      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83211      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252486      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22300201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9533704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11731595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1738571                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1062591                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1616                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1691812                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10570054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       241665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       252486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35566598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27371734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                289185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2874935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9533704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11731595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9533704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.675658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.675658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56947083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17603224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12550263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2211721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847445                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808498                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12131136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2211721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1046296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2528761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        565864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1750394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1196111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23878869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21350108     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         154890      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         195437      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         310283      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         130591      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168472      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         195454      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          89912      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1283722      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23878869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19125145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1874721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2516717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14830976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19144963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         61948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1758145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2498074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14739875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20582306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68543447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68543447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17188826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3393480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       721277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164678                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23878869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18035030     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665075     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089781      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610506      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827835      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254968      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134636      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10729      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23878869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94438     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13035     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618195     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188570      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265240      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718763      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.540692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51597274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266212                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5386                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1962135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1915407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           718662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.531177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13430096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13429996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8047969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21621761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.526482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23517804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18300052     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645296     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960566      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477752      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437332      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183330      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181969      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86625      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244882      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23517804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10000450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12322907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1827635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1117385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1786034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11094755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       244882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37664146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29143683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                294188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1630059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12322907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.550778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.550778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60965137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18766278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13712505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1737102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1555847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139527                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149606                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18441578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              9880756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1737102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1249858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2201658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        462071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       756729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1117029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21721761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19520103     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         340686      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         165666      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         336975      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         102267      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         313288      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          47735      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          77862      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         817179      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21721761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068098                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18275891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       926928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2197213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       320007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       158954                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1789                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11007214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       320007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18295461                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        596744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       269935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2177373                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        62237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     10989599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        47540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     14353361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     49734377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     49734377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     11576752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2776609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1425                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          144464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2024215                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       312091                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        70589                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         10930906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1429                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10217051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2020427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4153297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21721761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17244833     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1384719      6.37%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526689      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874219      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443684      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112528      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129309      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3173      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2607      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21721761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16738     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6954     23.76%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5579     19.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7983226     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77246      0.76%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          702      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847206     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308671      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10217051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.400528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42192439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12952792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9953056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10246322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       320007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        527305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10932343                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2024215                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312091                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53799                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       147782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10089586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1821383                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2130021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1536718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           308638                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.395532                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              9955816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             9953056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6029144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        12964714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.390179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.465043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7934482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      8896853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2035943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       138463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21401754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18108070     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1280944      5.99%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       835581      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260830      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440819      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83761      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52914      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47988      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290847      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21401754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      7934482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      8896853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1907787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1604778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1368329                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         7764422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       107888                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       290847                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32043677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          22185863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                418010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3787167                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           7934482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             8896853                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      7934482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.214946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.214946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.311047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.311047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       46960208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      12927289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11755660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1884215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10710055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1884215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       928361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2354787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        528834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1612909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1110173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22310685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19955898     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         254518      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         295094      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         162776      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         184897      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         103661      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          71040      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         182091      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1100710      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22310685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.419855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17854229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1765476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2334348                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       337453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       305921                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13072271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       337453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17883816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        596753                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1087496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2324734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        80431                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13062763                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        19880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        37456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18153121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60819886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60819886                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15492411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2660698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          218786                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251137                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       679756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       149988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13040110                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324972                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1628972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3769748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22310685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17118210     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2088901      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122086      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776389      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678282      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346705      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85242      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54333      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40537      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22310685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11547     43.27%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12026     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10314003     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192339      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142862      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674259      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324972                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.483163                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47005339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672685                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12116370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12351661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          297                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       337453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        558722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13043599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251137                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       211793                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12140278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1746349                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1698931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           674041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.475923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12116682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12116370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7201529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        18857930                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.474985                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9098583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11163074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       187039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21973232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17412312     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115345      9.63%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886293      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531901      2.42%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368990      1.68%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238802      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123876      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99490      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196223      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21973232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9098583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11163074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1691313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1026899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1597735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10063921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       227147                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       196223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           34820754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26425101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                277092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3198243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9098583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11163074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9098583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.803615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.803615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.356682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.356682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       54767830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16814520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12202253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1749955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1578588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       649465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4090                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18556431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11001990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1749955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       718749                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2174656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        295681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2371524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1066474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23302442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21127786     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          77220      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         157698      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          67278      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         360609      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         322226      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          62060      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         130646      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         996919      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23302442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18363738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2565656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2166799                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6689                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       199555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       153901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12901903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       199555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18388974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2363677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       116462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2150756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        83013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12894220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        41947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        27805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          518                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15147940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     60723446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     60723446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13390294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1757630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1503                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          195105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3039286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1535453                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        73834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12866137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12351322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7407                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1021325                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2469120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23302442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18869351     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1350844      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097030      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472654      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592006      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560122      2.40%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319190      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25278      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15967      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23302442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31127     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237429     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6941      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7751023     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107909      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2960372     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1531280     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12351322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.484196                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48287990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13889303                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12244422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12626819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122539                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          336                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1083                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       199555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2301751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12867656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3039286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1535453                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          336                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       109493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12264451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2950589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4481699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1606266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1531110                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.480791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12244815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12244422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6615610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13067076                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.480005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9937875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11678629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        95414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23102887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18851595     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1563821      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729222      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       717270      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197989      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820414      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62259      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45562      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114755      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23102887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9937875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11678629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4441695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2916740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1541680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10385579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       113070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       114755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35857059                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25937500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                399910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2206486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9937875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11678629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9937875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.566839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.566839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.389584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.389584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60624562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14226442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15351048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1882247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543098                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17990467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10699792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1882247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       927267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2352489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        528568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1622230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1109414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22304386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19951897     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         254225      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         294812      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         162648      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         184699      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         103455      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71022      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         181919      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1099709      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22304386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.419453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17841183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1774741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2332016                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       337221                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       305576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13059943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10254                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       337221                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17870759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        585420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1108114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2322393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13050474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        37465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18136314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60762549                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60762549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15477446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2658863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3455                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          218942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       679009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       149786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13027665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12313388                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22304386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17116816     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087040      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1120940      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775478      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677803      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346330      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85186      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54288      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40505      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22304386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3119     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11547     43.27%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12020     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10304291     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192142      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141872      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673575      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12313388                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26686                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46975824                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14658721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12104689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12340074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          348                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       337221                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        547589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12927                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13031156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       211724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12128595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1744610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1697272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           673354                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.475465                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12104990                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12104689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7194636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18839976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.474528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9089812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11152378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21967165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17410556     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2113430      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885480      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531176      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368729      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238585      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123846      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99361      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196002      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21967165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9089812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11152378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1689713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1025922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1596224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10054283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       226941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       196002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34802474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26399994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                276989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3204542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11152378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.806321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.806321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.356338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.356338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54714743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16798683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12190462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1753799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93723                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       663455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18600694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11026262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1753799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       720562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2179382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        295840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2339954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1068830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23319883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21140501     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          77511      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         157834      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          67576      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         361237      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         322927      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62401      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131037      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         998859      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23319883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18411801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2530292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2171405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       154162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12929495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18436623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2335008                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       112980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2156157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12921975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        39366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        27214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15181030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60855142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60855142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13424012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1757006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          189900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3045551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1538909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        74976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12379459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1021151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2469684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23319883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18877405     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1352980      5.80%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098373      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474952      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593904      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561340      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319802      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25267      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15860      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23319883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31291     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237859     86.14%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7769452     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108175      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          740      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2966317     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1534775     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12379459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.485299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48362057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13917845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12272734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12655576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2276195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3045551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1538909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14454                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       109514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12292599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4491303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1609984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1534584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.481894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12273139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12272734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6632217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13102548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.481115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9962204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11707299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        95533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23120293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18859073     81.57%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1567416      6.78%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730844      3.16%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       718240      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199256      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822223      3.56%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62494      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45604      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115143      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23120293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9962204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11707299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4451774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2923339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1545523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10411085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       113378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       115143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35902838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25995063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                400659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2189045                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11707299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60763183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14259386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15384797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1884182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10709722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1884182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       928401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2354779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        528747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1651162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1110113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22348433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19993654     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         254536      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         295111      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         162783      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         184902      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         103662      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70985      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         182099      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1100701      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22348433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17853959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1803542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2334345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       305934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13072025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17883537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        605824                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1116564                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2324791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        80304                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13062551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        37380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18153146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60819521                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60819521                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15493191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2659955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          218394                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       679801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       149995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13040291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12325373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1628569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3768521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22348433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17155768     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089010      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122132      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776411      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678273      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346706      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85229      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54362      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40542      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22348433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3122     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11547     43.25%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12029     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10314350     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192351      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142859      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674304      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12325373                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26698                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47043897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12116824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12352071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          240                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        566353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13043780                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       211810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12140668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1746388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1699019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           674083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12117134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12116824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7201838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18858819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.475003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9099038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11163646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       187051                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22011022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17449864     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115453      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886339      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531930      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369023      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238804      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123881      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99497      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196231      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22011022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9099038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11163646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1691408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1026951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1597811                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10064441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       227159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       196231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           34858729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26425433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                277097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3160495                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9099038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11163646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9099038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.803475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.803475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.356700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.356700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54769882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16815226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12202009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1736366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1555153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       138900                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1164548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100459                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18426025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              9876158                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1736366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1249002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2200318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        460423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       760341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1115700                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       135995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21707458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19507140     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         340496      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         165382      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         336654      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         101936      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         313290      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          47934      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          77630      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         816996      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21707458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18260128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       930777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2195849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1715                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       318985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       158979                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1789                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11002208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4351                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       318985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18279605                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        599658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       270626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2176099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        62481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     10984520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        47634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     14347425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     49714939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     49714939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     11576321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2771099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1425                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          145547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2023153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       311822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        70708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         10926486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10212194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2016467                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4148607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21707458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17232763     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1383201      6.37%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526793      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874525      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       442669      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112210      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129581      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3108      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2608      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21707458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16689     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6920     23.71%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5583     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7980316     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77239      0.76%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          702      0.01%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1845230     18.07%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308707      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10212194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.400338                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42167791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12944413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9950208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10241386                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       418403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8826                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       318985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        530420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10927922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          473                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2023153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3723                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          208                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       147294                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10085572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1819973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2128659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1536462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           308686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.395374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              9952898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             9950208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6028841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        12968617                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.390068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.464879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7934239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      8896551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2031807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       137837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21388473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18095495     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1280306      5.99%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       835356      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261387      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440335      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83713      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52840      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47901      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291140      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21388473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      7934239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      8896551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1907743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1604747                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1368282                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         7764153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       107882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       291140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32025665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          22175963                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                417472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3801470                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           7934239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             8896551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      7934239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.215044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.215044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.311038                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.311038                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       46944231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      12924283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11750885                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1979592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19051713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11073184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1979592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       980909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2309158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        532377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1008134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1166852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22705975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20396817     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         106985      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         169974      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         231289      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         237506      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         201440      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         113279      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         168494      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1080191      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22705975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18859097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1204501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2304663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       325952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13585474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1538                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18910860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        171849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       913284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2256191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       118809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13579756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        16881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        51322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18948788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63172628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63172628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16407614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2541152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          357328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       688531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       221146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3617521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22705975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17215725     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291691     10.09%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150633      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838902      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664880      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271461      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171736      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89161      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11786      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22705975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2631     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7896     37.01%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10806     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10829253     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192014      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166185      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686254      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48479877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15076883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12680363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12896652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        143775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       222323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12696193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1783200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1803623                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           686203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12680503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12680363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7278652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19621945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11769726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1796923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       196836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22370996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17504448     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430857     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901182      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430417      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       385033      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209504      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168010      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82818      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258727      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22370996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9564712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11769726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1744230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1066033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1697299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10604406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       242444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35678853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27468312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                290337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2802953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11769726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57140274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17662638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12594299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.227326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.037162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.227326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.037162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.227326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.037162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2877                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.585327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.996751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.769743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   838.983690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1176.621144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.409660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.574522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3411                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2876                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2638573051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2691682785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2697179648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2697179648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929729.757223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937215.454387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2389361831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439485169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394507494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444630832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394507494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444630832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 841917.488020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849402.913997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842543.101337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.720445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842543.101337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.720445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.499252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        48.522231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.760830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.646812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   718.232717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1254.858894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.350700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.612724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1381719364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1439003228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1607534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1607534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1383326898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1440610762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1383326898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1440610762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.328485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849765.906519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866869.414458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       803767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       803767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849709.396806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866793.478941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849709.396806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866793.478941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1238956564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293255228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1431934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1431934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1240388498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294687162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1240388498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294687162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.328485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761965.906519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779069.414458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       715967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       715967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761909.396806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778993.478941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761909.396806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778993.478941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1883                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.851391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         121411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        30.885525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.817333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.818923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   893.910523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1104.304612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.436480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.539211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3268                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3269                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1883                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     35950743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1467849040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1503799783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     35950743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1467849040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1503799783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     35950743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1467849040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1503799783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.365915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.365489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.365489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1283955.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791293.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798619.109400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1283955.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791293.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798619.109400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1283955.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791293.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798619.109400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     33492343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1304941836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338434179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     33492343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1304941836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338434179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     33492343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1304941836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338434179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1196155.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703472.687871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710798.820499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1196155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703472.687871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710798.820499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1196155.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703472.687871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710798.820499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1871                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.855913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         121408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        30.979331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.817029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.176333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   894.105027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1104.757523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.436575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.539432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3270                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3271                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449883689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1486384565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449883689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1486384565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36500876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1449883689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1486384565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786697.606620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794433.225548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786697.606620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794433.225548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1303602.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786697.606620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794433.225548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288043541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322086017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288043541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322086017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     34042476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1288043541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322086017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698884.178513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706619.998397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698884.178513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706619.998397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1215802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698884.178513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706619.998397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.416149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.416149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.845093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   412.241441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1563.913466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.201290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.763630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106415412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    687085758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     793501170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106415412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    687085758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      793501170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106415412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    687085758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     793501170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2728600.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809288.289753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893582.398649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2728600.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809288.289753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893582.398649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2728600.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809288.289753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893582.398649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102991212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    612543558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715534770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102991212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    612543558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    715534770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102991212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    612543558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    715534770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2640800.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721488.289753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805782.398649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2640800.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721488.289753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805782.398649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2640800.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721488.289753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805782.398649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.545610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        49.578076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.943950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   545.271426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1442.062316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.016086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.266246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.704132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            862                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 862                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2673                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1155                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80802785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957718176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1038520961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80802785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957718176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1038520961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80802785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957718176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1038520961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          862                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             862                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1970799.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859711.109515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899152.347186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1970799.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859711.109515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899152.347186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1970799.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859711.109515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899152.347186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                488                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     488                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77202115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859519615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936721730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77202115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859519615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    936721730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77202115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859519615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    936721730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1882978.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772254.820305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811717.270364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1882978.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772254.820305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811717.270364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1882978.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772254.820305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811717.270364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.414682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.414682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.845391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   411.990896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1564.163713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.201167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.763752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688280894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     790014784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688280894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      790014784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688280894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     790014784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810695.988221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889656.288288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810695.988221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889656.288288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810695.988221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889656.288288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613721779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712031469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613721779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712031469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613721779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712031469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722876.064782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801837.239865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722876.064782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801837.239865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722876.064782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801837.239865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1879                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.856475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         121413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.917494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.820122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.830548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   894.844745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1103.361060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.436936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.538751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3275                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1879                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37464401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1440934902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1478399303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37464401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1440934902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1478399303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37464401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1440934902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1478399303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.361345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1248813.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 779304.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786801.119212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1248813.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 779304.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786801.119212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1248813.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 779304.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786801.119212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     34829422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1278572435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313401857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     34829422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1278572435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313401857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     34829422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1278572435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313401857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.361345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1160980.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 691494.015684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698989.812134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1160980.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 691494.015684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698989.812134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1160980.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 691494.015684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698989.812134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.499108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        48.522231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.768259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.647695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   717.959441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1255.123712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.350566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.612853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66860274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1385595989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1452456263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2246490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66860274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1387842479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1454702753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66860274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1387842479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1454702753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.328485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1966478.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852150.054736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874973.652410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1123245                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1123245                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1966478.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852483.095209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875272.414561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1966478.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852483.095209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875272.414561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63863074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1242141177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306004251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2069390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2069390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63863074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1244210567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308073641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63863074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1244210567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308073641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.328485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1878325.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 763924.463100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786749.548795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1034695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1034695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1878325.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 764257.105037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787047.918773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1878325.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 764257.105037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787047.918773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3057                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.934284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.303232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.552513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.426280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1113.557783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         915.397708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.543729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.446972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4133                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3057                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73286920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2857534619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2930821539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8131501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8131501                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73286920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2865666120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     2938953040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73286920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2865666120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    2938953040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2155497.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 947144.388134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960610.140610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1355250.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1355250.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2155497.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 947954.389679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961384.703958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2155497.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 947954.389679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961384.703958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                548                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     548                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70301720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2592642019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2662943739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7604701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7604701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70301720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2600246720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2670548440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70301720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2600246720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2670548440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.422502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2067697.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 859344.388134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872810.140610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1267450.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1267450.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2067697.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 860154.389679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873584.703958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2067697.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 860154.389679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873584.703958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1661                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.497355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        48.546239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.764576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.658388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   718.007723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1255.066668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.350590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.612826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1660                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65489404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1389756628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1455246032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65489404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1391379408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1456868812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65489404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1391379408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1456868812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1926158.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855761.470443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877711.720145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1926158.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855706.892989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877631.814458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1926158.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855706.892989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877631.814458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62503307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1247112555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309615862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62503307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248559735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311063042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62503307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248559735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311063042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1838332.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767926.450123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789876.876960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1838332.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767871.915744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789797.013253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1838332.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767871.915744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789797.013253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3071                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.935918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.223481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.201987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1111.048278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         918.149183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.542504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.448315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4146                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3071                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2826120589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2893851614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832997814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2900728839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832997814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2900728839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932405.341142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944160.396085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932827.729338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944555.141322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932827.729338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944555.141322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2559980869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624726694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566331294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631077119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566331294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631077119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844599.428901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856354.549429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845021.828778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856749.306089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845021.828778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856749.306089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.499997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        48.522231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.760356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.636127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   718.293915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1254.809598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.350729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.612700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1380645736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1446953302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2262733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2262733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1382908469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1449216035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1382908469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1449216035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849105.618696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871658.615663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1131366.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1131366.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849452.376536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871971.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849452.376536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871971.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63322366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1237854791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1301177157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2087133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2087133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63322366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1239941924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303264290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63322366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1239941924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303264290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862422.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761288.309348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783841.660843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1043566.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043566.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862422.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761635.088452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784154.205776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862422.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761635.088452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784154.205776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1876                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.831992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         121414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        30.941386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.818204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.985935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   894.941627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1104.086227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.436983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.539105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3276                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3277                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1876                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34440481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452615158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1487055639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34440481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452615158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1487055639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34440481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452615158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1487055639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1275573.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 785622.043267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792673.581557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1275573.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 785622.043267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792673.581557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1275573.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 785622.043267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792673.581557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                272                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     272                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     32069881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1290219620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322289501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     32069881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1290219620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322289501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     32069881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1290219620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322289501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1187773.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697793.196322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704845.149787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1187773.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697793.196322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704845.149787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1187773.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697793.196322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704845.149787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1159                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         158765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.505769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.265444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.156158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   547.031134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1440.090628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.016190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.267105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.703169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918389868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1011522168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918389868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1011522168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918389868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1011522168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821457.842576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872754.243313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821457.842576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872754.243313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821457.842576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872754.243313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819722279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909254253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819722279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909254253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819722279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909254253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733860.589973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785193.655440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733860.589973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785193.655440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733860.589973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785193.655440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.276107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003737205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911880.390476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.276107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166740112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25620.791641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.073529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.926471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.438996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999329928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1932939.899420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.438996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1110183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1110183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157953538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             30241.918055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.681213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.318787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.873755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.126245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       783344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       660639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1443983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1443983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1443983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1443983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7071911970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7071911970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310721160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310721160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7382633130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7382633130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7382633130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7382633130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       800526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       661138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1461664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1461664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 411588.404726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411588.404726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 622687.695391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622687.695391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4113698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 822739.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1613714132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613714132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2585634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1616299766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1616299766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1616299766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1616299766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326002.854949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326002.854949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152096.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152096.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              550.659312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              917843065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1650796.879496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.466408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.192905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1115620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1115620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1115620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1115620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1115620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41137648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41137648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41137648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     41137648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41137648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     41137648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1115658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1115658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1115658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1082569.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082569.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1082569.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1082569.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1082569.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1082569.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36277221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36277221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36277221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36277221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36277221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36277221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1250938.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250938.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1250938.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250938.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1250938.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250938.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204649893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             38046.085332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   189.577946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    66.422054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.740539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.259461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1668825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1668825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       301306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          706                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1970131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1970131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1970131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1970131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8265101276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8265101276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2159138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2159138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8267260414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8267260414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8267260414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8267260414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1686987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1686987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       301332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          706                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1988319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1988319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1988319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1988319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 455076.603678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455076.603678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83043.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83043.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 454544.777546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454544.777546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 454544.777546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454544.777546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1697243794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1697243794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1697628394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1697628394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1697628394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1697628394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331687.276529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331687.276529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331373.881320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331373.881320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331373.881320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331373.881320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.425054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              917843274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1650797.255396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.232808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.192246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1115829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1115829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1115829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40739136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40739136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1115867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1072082.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36805023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36805023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269138.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              204650098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             38116.986031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   191.158914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    64.841086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.253285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1669465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1669465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       300871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       300871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1970336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1970336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1970336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1970336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8198458690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8198458690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2202184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2202184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8200660874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8200660874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8200660874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8200660874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1687529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1687529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       300897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       300897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1988426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1988426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1988426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1988426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453856.216231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453856.216231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84699.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84699.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453325.642565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453325.642565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453325.642565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453325.642565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679317540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679317540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679702140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679702140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1679702140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1679702140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328826.618367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328826.618367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328515.967143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328515.967143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328515.967143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328515.967143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              490.840593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001204390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2018557.237903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.840593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1196290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1196290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1196290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161403833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161403833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161403833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161403833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161403833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161403833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1196348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2782824.706897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2782824.706897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2782824.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2782824.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2782824.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2782824.706897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106868845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106868845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106868845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106868845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106868845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106868845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2606557.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2606557.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2606557.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2606557.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2606557.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2606557.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148429519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             38205.796396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.239027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.760973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.860309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.139691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       952723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       706848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1659571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1659571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2067859309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067859309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6116320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6116320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2073975629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073975629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2073975629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073975629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       961974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       706922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706922                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1668896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1668896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223528.192520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223528.192520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82652.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82652.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222410.255121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222410.255121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222410.255121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222410.255121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    874327648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874327648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1124729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    875452377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    875452377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    875452377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    875452377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241994.920565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241994.920565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70295.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70295.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241237.910444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241237.910444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241237.910444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241237.910444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.462658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998075653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1926786.974903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.462658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1163182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1163182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1163182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107598693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107598693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107598693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107598693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107598693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107598693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1630283.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1630283.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1630283.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1630283.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1630283.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1630283.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81343530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81343530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81343530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81343530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81343530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81343530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1891710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1891710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1891710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1891710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1891710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1891710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152102321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37649.089356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.838577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.161423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.870463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.129537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       800646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        800646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       672786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       672786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1473432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1473432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1473432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1473432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4205684497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4205684497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7067420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7067420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4212751917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4212751917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4212751917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4212751917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       812839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       812839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       672872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       672872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1485711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1485711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1485711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1485711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344926.145903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344926.145903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82179.302326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82179.302326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343085.912289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 343085.912289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343085.912289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 343085.912289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1139866372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139866372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       976224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1140842596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140842596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1140842596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140842596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 302351.822812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302351.822812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65081.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65081.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 301411.518098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301411.518098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 301411.518098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301411.518098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.839683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001204151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2018556.756048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.839683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148429163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38205.704762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.250519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.749481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2083750276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2083750276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089878762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089878762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089878762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089878762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225245.949195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225245.949195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224115.684933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224115.684933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224115.684933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224115.684933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    875526891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875526891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876653679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876653679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876653679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876653679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242326.845004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242326.845004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241568.938826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241568.938826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241568.938826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241568.938826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.188741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              917844434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1644882.498208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.996899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.191842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.040059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1116989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1116989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1116989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1116989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1116989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1116989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43309056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43309056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43309056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43309056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43309056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43309056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1117029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1117029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1117029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1117029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1117029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1117029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1082726.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082726.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1082726.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1082726.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1082726.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1082726.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37779246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37779246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37779246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37779246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37779246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37779246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1218685.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218685.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1218685.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218685.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1218685.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218685.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              204651091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             38046.308050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   190.784745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    65.215255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.745253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.254747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1669771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       301555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1971326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1971326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1971326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1971326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8085899844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8085899844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2242919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2242919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8088142763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8088142763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8088142763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8088142763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1687855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1687855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       301581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1989436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1989436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1989436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1989436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447130.051095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447130.051095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86266.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86266.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446611.969244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446611.969244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446611.969244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446611.969244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1670633146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670633146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       401745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       401745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1671034891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1671034891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1671034891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1671034891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 326486.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326486.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66957.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66957.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 326182.879368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326182.879368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 326182.879368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326182.879368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              512.436958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              999329872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1932939.791103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.436958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.048777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1110127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1110127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1110127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1110127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1110127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94766501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94766501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94766501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94766501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94766501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94766501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1110173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1110173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1110173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2060141.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2060141.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2060141.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2060141.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2060141.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2060141.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67214592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67214592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67214592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67214592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67214592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67214592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920416.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920416.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920416.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920416.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1920416.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1920416.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              157953580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             30241.926096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   223.688772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    32.311228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.873784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.126216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       783365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       660660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1444025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1444025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7029592436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7029592436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    283322021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    283322021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7312914457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7312914457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7312914457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7312914457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       800547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       661159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1461706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1461706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 409125.389128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409125.389128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 567779.601202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 567779.601202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413602.989480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413602.989480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413602.989480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413602.989480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3490720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       698144                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1617580405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1617580405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3224590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3224590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1620804995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620804995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1620804995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620804995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326783.920202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326783.920202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 189681.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189681.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326314.675861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326314.675861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326314.675861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326314.675861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              566.340442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1028781746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1779899.214533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.561936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.778506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.039362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1066425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1066425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1066425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1066425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1066425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98605917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98605917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98605917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98605917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98605917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98605917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1066474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1066474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1066474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2012365.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2012365.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2012365.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2012365.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2012365.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2012365.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       596566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       298283                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73633220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73633220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73633220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73633220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73633220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73633220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2103806.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103806.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2103806.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103806.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2103806.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2103806.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              405044032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             54654.436918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.993717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.006283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2783926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2783926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1523427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1523427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4307353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4307353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4307353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4307353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        26001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        26001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        26001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12047685761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12047685761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26328675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26328675                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12074014436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12074014436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12074014436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12074014436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2809907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2809907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1523447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4333354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4333354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4333354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4333354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 463711.395289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 463711.395289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1316433.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1316433.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 464367.310334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464367.310334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 464367.310334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464367.310334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3165134471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3165134471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8181301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8181301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3173315772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3173315772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3173315772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3173315772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442738.071199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442738.071199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1363550.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1363550.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 443510.240671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443510.240671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 443510.240671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443510.240671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.439590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999329106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1932938.309478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.439590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1109361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1109361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97063619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97063619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97063619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97063619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97063619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97063619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831389.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1831389.037736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831389.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1831389.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831389.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1831389.037736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65843128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65843128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65843128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65843128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65843128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65843128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1881232.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881232.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1881232.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881232.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1881232.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1881232.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              157952120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             30288.038351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.707765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.292235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       782527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7081546349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7081546349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    296565922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    296565922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7378112271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7378112271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7378112271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7378112271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       799685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1460224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1460224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 412725.629386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412725.629386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 594320.484970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 594320.484970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417857.635555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417857.635555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417857.635555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417857.635555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4082002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 816400.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1621351932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1621351932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623952812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623952812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623952812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623952812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 328076.068798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328076.068798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327475.864489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327475.864489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327475.864489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327475.864489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.919563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028784100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1779903.287197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.141764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.777799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405052921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             54457.235951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.007629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.992371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11985839052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11985839052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008407699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12008407699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008407699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12008407699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458735.419933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458735.419933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459247.655614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459247.655614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459247.655614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459247.655614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134638540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134638540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141565565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141565565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141565565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141565565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 436822.539019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 436822.539019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437422.105959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437422.105959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437422.105959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437422.105959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.435796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999329809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932939.669246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1110064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1110064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157953669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             30241.943136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.705897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.294103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       783411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       660703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1444114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1444114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7080652537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7080652537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    321788808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    321788808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7402441345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7402441345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7402441345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7402441345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       800593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       661202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1461795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1461795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 412097.109591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412097.109591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 644867.350701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644867.350701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418666.441095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418666.441095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418666.441095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418666.441095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2834448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 566889.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1612622575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612622575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3240833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3240833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1615863408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1615863408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1615863408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1615863408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325782.338384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325782.338384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 190637.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190637.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325319.792229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325319.792229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325319.792229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325319.792229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.052102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              917843107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1653771.363964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.860359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.191743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1115662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1115662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1115662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1115662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1115662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     38806820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38806820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     38806820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38806820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     38806820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38806820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1115700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1115700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1115700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1021232.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021232.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1021232.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1021232.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1021232.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1021232.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34731646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34731646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34731646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34731646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     34731646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34731646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1240415.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240415.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1240415.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240415.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1240415.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1240415.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204649528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38031.876603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.773298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.226702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.745208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.254792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1668221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1668221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       301542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1969763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1969763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1969763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1969763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8225901310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8225901310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2207770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2207770                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8228109080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8228109080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8228109080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8228109080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1686346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1686346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       301568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1987914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1987914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1987914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1987914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 453842.830897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453842.830897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84914.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84914.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 453314.367252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453314.367252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 453314.367252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453314.367252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1682528371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682528371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1682912971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682912971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1682912971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682912971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328683.018363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328683.018363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328373.262634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328373.262634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328373.262634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328373.262634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.475747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998079263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926793.944015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.475747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152106763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37492.423712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.844332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.155668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.870486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.129514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4042651622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4042651622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049800053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4049800053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049800053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4049800053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330660.201374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330660.201374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328931.128411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328931.128411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328931.128411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328931.128411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1101377073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101377073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102353011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102353011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102353011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102353011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290907.837559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290907.837559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290016.577480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290016.577480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290016.577480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290016.577480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
