
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 291893                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   369273                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  25991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67742500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41373.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12076673318                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278161360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        46976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        62848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        61824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               560640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       218624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            218624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     43684924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     58444952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     42851696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     57135595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     57492692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               521362303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37019104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         203307492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              203307492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         203307492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     43684924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     58444952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     42851696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     57135595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     57492692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              724669794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         172057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        65811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          498                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1811257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1080084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            172057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        68738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              212823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         34696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       288907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          105642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2123749     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           7470      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          15314      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           6349      0.27%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          34808      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31410      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5804      0.25%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          12572      0.54%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          99096      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2336572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066721                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1793368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       307224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          211846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        23376                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        15068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1265805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        23376                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1796328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        275048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        23517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          209859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8438                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1263656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          147                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1489692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5946733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5946733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1281168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         208522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           78                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21626                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       296107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       148367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1348                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7142                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1258740                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.511950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1906354     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       131649      5.63%     87.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       106223      4.55%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46177      1.98%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57461      2.46%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54045      2.31%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30604      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2584      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1475      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2969     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22727     86.09%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          703      2.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       752187     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10342      0.86%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           71      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       285964     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147643     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196207                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.463872                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022069                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4756441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1379841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1184019                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1222606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        23376                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        269239                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1258890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       296107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       148367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           78                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        12434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1186529                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       284922                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             432528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         154945                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           147606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.460119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1184128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1184019                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          640896                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1267383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.459145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.505685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1119296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       139735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        10864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2313196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904889     82.35%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150616      6.51%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70055      3.03%     91.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68807      2.97%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18855      0.82%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78760      3.40%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6224      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4335      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10655      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2313196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       952777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1119296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               427392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              280644                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                72                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           147621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          995336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        10766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        10655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3561572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2541449                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 40220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                242174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            952777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1119296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       952777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.706558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.706558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.369473                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.369473                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5861987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1378134                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1499520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         151224                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16247                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63410                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14941                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1459196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts               892567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            151224                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        72006                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              182977                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         51002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       169574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines           91397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      1845918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1662941     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           9663      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          15334      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          23099      1.25%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4           9425      0.51%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11208      0.61%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11993      0.65%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8312      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          93943      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      1845918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.058642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.346124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1440134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       189244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          181536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        33886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        24390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1081396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        33886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1444082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         80597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        96866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          178789                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        11695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1078385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          750                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1476317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5024069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5024069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1210747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         265562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       109530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        60259                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1074200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1000411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167680                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       389396                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1845918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1418568     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173684      9.41%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96349      5.22%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62970      3.41%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56824      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17476      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12748      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4437      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2862      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1845918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     39.47%     52.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1096     47.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       824094     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18331      1.83%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99004      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58872      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1000411                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.387945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3850910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1242182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       981511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1002696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        33886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         69820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1373                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1074437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60259                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        18718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts       985261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             152436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         133710                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            58755                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.382070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent               981606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count              981511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          582177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1475746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.380616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394497                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       725177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       884220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1812032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1453142     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171129      9.44%     89.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70794      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36484      2.01%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26935      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15657      0.86%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9503      0.52%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8096      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20292      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1812032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       725177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       884220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               141598                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads               85598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           122775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          799406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        17233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            2866907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2184235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 26097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                732828                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            725177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              884220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       725177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.556023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.556023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.281213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.281213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4471317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1342634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1024491                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         200615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1928477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1121492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            200615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        97133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              232756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         58843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        93107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          119571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21321                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2058765     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10701      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16762      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          22835      1.00%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          23825      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20318      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10776      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17226      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110313      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2291521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.434898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1909015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       113043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          232197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        36919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32864                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1374168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        36919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1914549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         22220                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        78592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          227036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12201                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1373161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1918015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6382712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6382712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1635363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         282636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       129204                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        68781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        32741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1370578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1731592     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239899     10.47%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119234      5.20%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81338      3.55%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64723      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27076      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17401      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9039      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1219      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           283     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          863     37.21%     49.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089109     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19189      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117149      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68477      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501827                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4882291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1536639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1272564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1296403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        36919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         19341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129204                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11618                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1274571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             178616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         180925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            68456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1272640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1272564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          731719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1969968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.493482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       198131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1762375     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249561     11.07%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88942      3.94%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42492      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42956      1.91%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21237      0.94%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14099      0.63%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8256      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24684      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       953126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1172788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               173820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              106254                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           169095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1056684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3600824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2778778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                287225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            953126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1172788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       953126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.705567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.705567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.369608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.369608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5733398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1775471                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1273609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         170802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1071528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            170802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        68022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         34311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       300930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          104794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2120956     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          34446      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31228      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          98519      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2332060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1778791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       319267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          210128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1255961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1781751                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        287245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        23280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          208111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1253995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1478791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5900317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5900317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1271383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         207402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       293622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       146997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905737     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130072      5.58%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104964      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45839      1.97%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57299      2.46%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53691      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30368      1.30%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22540     86.04%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          695      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747031     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283706     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146385     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26198                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022062                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4734206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        23125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        281426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1249017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             428953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         153819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           146358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.456669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1175139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1175037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          636058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1257746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.455662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904153     82.47%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149187      6.46%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69243      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68366      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18750      0.81%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78124      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6177      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4329      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10606      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       945228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1110604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               423827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              278303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           146532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          987613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3547464                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2521412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 39887                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                246686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1110604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       945228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.728174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.728174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5816562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1368084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1487349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         200470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1120830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            200470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        97046                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              232608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         58801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       100975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          119478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2065812     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10697      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16753      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22812      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          23812      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20297      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10770      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17205      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110262      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2298420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.434641                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1908223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       120908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          232049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1373322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1913754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        87865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          226891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1372319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1916902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6378854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6378854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1634478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         282424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           37905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       129115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        68739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        32728                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1369746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1293287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738842     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239743     10.43%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119171      5.18%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81278      3.54%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64675      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27065      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17397      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9031      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1218      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           281     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          862     37.22%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1173     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1088444     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19184      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117065      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68434      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1293287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.501518                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4887599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1271796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22931                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        36893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         17937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             178491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         180799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            68413                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.493959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1271870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1271796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          731305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1968897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.493184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1769599     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249405     11.03%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88894      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42458      1.88%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42927      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21227      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14090      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8250      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24677      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       952602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1172116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               173712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              106184                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1056066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3606935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2777096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                280326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            952602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1172116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       952602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.707055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.707055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.369405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.369405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5729924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1774466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1272838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         199253                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1915157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1113779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            199253                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              231153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       105518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          118740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2057579     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10624      0.46%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16646      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22658      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          23676      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20180      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10704      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17102      0.75%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109563      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2288732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1895793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       125327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          230597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1364742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1901299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         20706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        92471                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          225459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1363735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1904747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6338925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6338925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1624028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         280709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           37697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       128324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        68313                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        32528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1361175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1285165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732725     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238176     10.41%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118406      5.17%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80775      3.53%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64272      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26900      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17290      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8980      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          853     37.15%     49.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1165     50.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081593     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19061      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116343      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68009      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1285165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.498368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861644                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1526123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1263813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68313                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109405                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             177393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            67988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.490858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1263887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1263813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          726639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1956411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.490088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1164681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763271     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       247805     11.00%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88321      3.92%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42200      1.87%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42646      1.89%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21105      0.94%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13992      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8195      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24526      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       946491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1164681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               172635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              105529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           167934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1049363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3589036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2759715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                290014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1164681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.724533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.724533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.367035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.367035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5693936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1763163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1264847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1231224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              255959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       164188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2149902     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15597      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19629      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31399      1.31%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12640      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16798      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19381      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9097      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131418      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2405861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.477451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1934617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       176972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1504293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1937066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       165866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1494084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2087493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6942898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6942898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1717088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         370375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1819522     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265967     11.05%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110218      4.58%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61467      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82716      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25959      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25410      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13500      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9701     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.99%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168598     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18819      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127720      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71932      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.537951                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12307                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5194463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29941                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1349494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1349463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2170053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1844832     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264734     11.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95786      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47663      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43733      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18428      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18214      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8716      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24269      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1230815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111576                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178452                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3799913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2955140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                172885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1230815                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.581415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.581415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6125767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1887805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1389479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         225741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187859                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1237693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            225741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       104054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              257315                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         62028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       153518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          122573                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20841                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2409569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.632025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.000785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2152254     89.32%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          15668      0.65%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19731      0.82%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31565      1.31%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12727      0.53%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          16896      0.70%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          19496      0.81%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9137      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         132095      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2409569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.479959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1947428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       166323                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          256014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1512258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1949882                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       155202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          253648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         5829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1502017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2098483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6979791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6979791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1726122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         372341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21316                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       142273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1394579                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2409569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.304124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820159     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267345     11.10%     86.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110794      4.60%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61744      2.56%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83227      3.45%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26076      1.08%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25543      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13580      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2409569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9754     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1356     10.97%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174784     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18927      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128402      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72296      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1394579                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540797                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5212918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1406945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4035                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24889                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             198110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         193332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            72257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.531036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1356621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1356590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          812455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2181586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.526066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228124                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21900                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1845593     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266116     11.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96302      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47927      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43955      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18527      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18307      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8760      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24402      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1004228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1237334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               183357                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              112173                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           179423                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1113905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3810932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2970620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                169177                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1004228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1237334                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1004228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.567889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.567889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.389425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.389425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6158145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1897691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1396755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         170900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        65054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1799414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1072360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            170900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        68291                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              211266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         34376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       301502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          104986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2335523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2124257     90.95%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           7369      0.32%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          15215      0.65%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           6296      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          34564      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          31200      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5708      0.24%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          12610      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          98304      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2335523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1781930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       319407                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          210335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        23133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        15005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1256724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        23133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1784870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        281002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        29794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          208322                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8396                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1254813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1479327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5904909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5904909                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1272809                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         206512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       294148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       147349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250171                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1189422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2335523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1908921     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129891      5.56%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105549      4.52%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45238      1.94%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57151      2.45%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54006      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30736      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2579      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1452      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2335523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2964     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22780     86.17%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          691      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748070     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284241     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146727     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1189422                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.461240                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26435                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4741759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1369725                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1176975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        23133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        275330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        12361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             429921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         154082                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           146701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.457392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1177088                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1176975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          637021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1259139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.456414                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        10785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1907140     82.47%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149080      6.45%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69603      3.01%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68547      2.96%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18384      0.80%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78587      3.40%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6173      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4290      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10586      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       946592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1112154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               424757                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              278923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           146718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          988977                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        10586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3552243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2524032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 40132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                243223                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            946592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1112154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       946592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.724242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.724242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.367075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.367075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5826798                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1370218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1489236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         152853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124770                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57788                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1472563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts               901306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            152853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72882                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              184702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         51455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       163089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines           92178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16319                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      1854851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1670149     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9759      0.53%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          15378      0.83%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23295      1.26%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.51%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11376      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12218      0.66%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8387      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94793      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      1854851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.059274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.349513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1453672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       182606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          183226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        24673                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1091853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1457656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        98171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          180457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1088816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2633                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1490766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5072438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5072438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1222462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         268301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           34675                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       110447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        60731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        11594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1084648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1010113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1854851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1423436     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175124      9.44%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97288      5.25%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63865      3.44%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57332      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17550      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12935      0.70%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4438      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2883      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1854851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          932     39.74%     52.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1118     47.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       832288     82.40%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18508      1.83%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99914      9.89%     94.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59292      5.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1010113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.391707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3879304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1253800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       991009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1012458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        34211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         60405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1084885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8702                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts       994844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94492                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             153671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         135280                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            59179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.385786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               991104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              991009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          587396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1489196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.384299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       731980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       892659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16622                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1820640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1458117     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172837      9.49%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71657      3.94%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36807      2.02%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27266      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15759      0.87%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9616      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8116      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20465      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1820640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       731980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       892659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               142855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               86368                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           124023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          806982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        17409                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        20465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            2885803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2205476                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 26374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                723895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            731980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              892659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       731980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.522973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.522973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.283851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.283851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4513778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1355792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1034185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         200095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1920182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1120150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            200095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              232462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         58809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        99443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2057768     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10769      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16700      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          22831      1.00%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          23692      1.03%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20296      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10761      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17112      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110301      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2290230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.434378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1901558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       119399                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          231878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1372359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1907096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         20063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        87144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          226702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1371131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1915317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6374192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6374192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1630879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         284438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           38257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       128995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        68681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        32570                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1368343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1290787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732286     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238653     10.42%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118894      5.19%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81165      3.54%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64529      2.82%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26949      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17524      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8994      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1236      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           272     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          859     37.33%     49.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1170     50.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1086249     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19187      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116823      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68368      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1290787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.500548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4874417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1269411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         17174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1368681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1005                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             178225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         180308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            68350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.493037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1269474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1269411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          730084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1966261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.492259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371306                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950505                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2253185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1762458     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248609     11.03%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88747      3.94%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42532      1.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42777      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21153      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14041      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8241      0.37%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24627      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2253185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       950505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1169521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               173336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              105953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1053735                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3597233                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2774426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                288516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            950505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1169521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       950505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.713027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.713027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.368592                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.368592                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5719516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1770718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1271938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         170484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1794591                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1069386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            170484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        68145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              210719                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         34387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       303269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          104734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.837429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2121210     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           7371      0.32%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15193      0.65%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6298      0.27%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          34433      1.48%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31074      1.33%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5709      0.24%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12611      0.54%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          98030      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2331929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.066111                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.414692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1776117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       322164                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          209786                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        23142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        15008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1253361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        23142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1779119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        283156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        30018                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          207714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8774                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1251450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1476216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5888841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5888841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1269733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         206471                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       292844                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       146681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1246823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1186102                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          956                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.508636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905938     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130104      5.58%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105339      4.52%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45262      1.94%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56969      2.44%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53720      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30570      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2578      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1449      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22614     86.08%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746734     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       282925     23.85%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146059     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1186102                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1366377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        23142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        277079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1246974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       292844                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        12366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       281901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             427934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         153688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           146033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.456106                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1173761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1173650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          635424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1257455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.455124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       943653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1108813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        10787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904554     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148918      6.45%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69447      3.01%     91.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68283      2.96%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18414      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78072      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6184      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4288      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10627      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       943653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1108813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               422755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              277586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           146316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          986038                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        10627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3545242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2517330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 39970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                246817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1108813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.732727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.732727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5808860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1367165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1484262                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         195329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1115906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            195329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        94072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              244156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         60166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       145794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          116741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2052532     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          25939      1.13%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          30148      1.31%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7348      0.32%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          19219      0.84%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115390      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2296688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1852247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       161943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          241825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2116                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1362278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1855678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       137923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240442                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1360491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1892696                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6332006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6332006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1584380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         308300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       130624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1356614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1762153     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214039      9.32%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115735      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79486      3.46%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70396      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35932      1.56%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9039      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5679      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.88%     56.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1270     43.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066507     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19789      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117473      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69107      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.493662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4847464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25772                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           81                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             179033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.485742                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1249870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1249795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          743984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1951692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.484652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2258135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792216     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216131      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90543      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54151      2.40%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37471      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24462      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12982      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10083      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20096      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2258135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       929952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1141105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               172638                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              104848                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           163301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1028820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20096                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3594994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2752479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30553                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                282058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            929952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1141105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       929952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.772988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.772988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.360622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.360622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5648498                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1737469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1268635                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         169639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58658                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1784764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1064227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            169639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        67861                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              209850                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         34231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       304648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          104244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2322483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.837060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2112633     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           7398      0.32%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15283      0.66%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           6331      0.27%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          34124      1.47%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          30863      1.33%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5702      0.25%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          12428      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          97721      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2322483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.065784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.412692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1767472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       322356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          208893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        14935                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1247631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1770402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        298107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          206927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8075                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1245687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1471115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5861378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5861378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1264535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         206568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           76                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       290472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       145484                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1240698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1179629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119267                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294892                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2322483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1898567     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129528      5.58%     87.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104031      4.48%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46048      1.98%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57185      2.46%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53053      2.28%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30068      1.29%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2542      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1461      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2322483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2965     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22203     85.85%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696      2.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       743767     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10289      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       280618     23.79%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       144885     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1179629                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.457443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25864                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4708511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1360162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1167386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1205493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15139                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        23014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        292699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1240844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       290472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       145484                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           76                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        12350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1169920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       279570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             424428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         152866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           144858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1167486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1167386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          632385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1253957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.504312                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       938681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1103163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       137761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        10764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2299469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1897115     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148503      6.46%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        68978      3.00%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67753      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18787      0.82%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77223      3.36%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6197      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4304      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10609      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2299469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       938681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1103163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               419365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              275326                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           145638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          981066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        10609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3529784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2504882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 39611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                256263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            938681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1103163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       938681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.747202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.747202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.364007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.364007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5775631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1360969                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1475575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         150899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56696                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1457660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               893316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            150899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        71601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              182995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       160419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           91283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16169                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1652342     90.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9679      0.53%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          15197      0.83%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23119      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9470      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11165      0.61%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11637      0.63%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8320      0.45%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          94408      5.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1835337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.058516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.346415                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1438680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       180005                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          181595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1078                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        33978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24412                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1082832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        33978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1442612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         72955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        93046                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          178799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1079798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         3044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3158                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1477686                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5032621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5032621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1210897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         266789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        60550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3000                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1075596                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          234                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1001369                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1408058     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       173238      9.44%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96312      5.25%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63054      3.44%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57078      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17656      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12666      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4443      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2832      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           276     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          933     40.16%     52.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     47.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       824423     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18358      1.83%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          110      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99354      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59124      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1001369                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.388316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002320                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3842322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1244500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       982327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1003692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24273                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4544                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          823                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        33978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         62846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1075830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       986308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             152994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         133625                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.382476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               982435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              982327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          582140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1476116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.380932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       725257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       884323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1801359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1442535     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170877      9.49%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70993      3.94%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36543      2.03%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26895      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15548      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9601      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8031      0.45%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20336      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1801359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       725257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       884323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               141614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               85608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           122792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          799497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17235                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2857759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2187457                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26121                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                743409                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            725257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              884323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       725257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.555631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.555631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.281244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.281244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4476255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1343472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1025572                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153292977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153292977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73295657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153292977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3076820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564214.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3076820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564214.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3076820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017995.236111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564214.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144688310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144688310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66973790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144688310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2989020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476411.326531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2989020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476411.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2989020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 930191.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476411.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          382                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.613992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.583588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.259623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.014401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1852.142387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.085945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.904366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            115                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 115                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          347                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   347                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 382                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15727632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    338251787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     353979419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15727632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    338251787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      353979419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15727632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    338251787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     353979419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.524005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.524005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.524005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1048508.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 921666.994550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926647.693717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1048508.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 921666.994550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926647.693717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1048508.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 921666.994550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926647.693717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 78                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      78                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14410632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306021698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320432330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14410632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306021698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    320432330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14410632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306021698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    320432330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 960708.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833846.588556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838828.089005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 960708.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833846.588556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838828.089005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 960708.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833846.588556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838828.089005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          510                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2044.982753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          86608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        33.910728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks         112.857191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.299762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.839107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1698.986692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.107832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.829583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.998527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 504                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10884876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    452815172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     463700048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36203458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36203458                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10884876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    489018630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      499903506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10884876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    489018630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     499903506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.593955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.613750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.619926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.613750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.619926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 837298.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1001803.477876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997204.404301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 928293.794872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928293.794872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 837298.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 995964.623218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 991872.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 837298.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 995964.623218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 991872.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9743476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    413129572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422873048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32779258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32779258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9743476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    445908830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    455652306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9743476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    445908830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    455652306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.593955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.613750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.613750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 749498.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 914003.477876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909404.404301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840493.794872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840493.794872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 749498.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 908164.623218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904072.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 749498.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 908164.623218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904072.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.552006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.552006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.280637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.393033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1932.326329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.012832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.943519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83177316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97151397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180328713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83177316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97151397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      180328713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83177316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97151397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     180328713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3080641.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852205.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1278927.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3080641.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852205.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1278927.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3080641.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 852205.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1278927.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80806716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87140728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167947444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80806716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87140728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167947444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80806716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87140728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167947444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2992841.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764392.350877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191116.624113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2992841.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764392.350877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191116.624113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2992841.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 764392.350877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191116.624113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.547947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   176.598320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1853.269428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.086230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.904917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349639749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     361800192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349639749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      361800192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12160443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    349639749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     361800192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960548.760989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959682.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960548.760989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959682.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 935418.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 960548.760989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959682.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317674730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328693773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317674730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328693773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11019043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    317674730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328693773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872732.774725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871866.771883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872732.774725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871866.771883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 847618.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 872732.774725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871866.771883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.546324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.546324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.266273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    59.248865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1932.484862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.012825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.028930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.943596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     190564317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      190564317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92700743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97863574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     190564317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3433360.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858452.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1351519.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90330143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     87854374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178184517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3345560.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770652.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263719.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          138                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.538305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         118690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        54.295517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.538305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.288093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    58.930658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1932.781249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.012836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.943741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 138                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     177815189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      177815189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73302171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     177815189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.326241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.326241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714895.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941558.720721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1288515.862319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714895.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941558.720721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1288515.862319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714895.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941558.720721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1288515.862319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70929448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165692312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70929448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165692312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70929448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165692312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627016.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853719.495495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200668.927536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627016.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853719.495495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200668.927536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2627016.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853719.495495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200668.927536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.881045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.881045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.711351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    38.121869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1950.166780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.008160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.952230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95301668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71220523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166522191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95301668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71220523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      166522191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95301668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71220523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     166522191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3665448.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989173.930556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699206.030612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3665448.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989173.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699206.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3665448.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989173.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699206.030612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93018087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64898170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157916257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93018087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64898170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157916257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93018087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64898170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157916257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3577618.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901363.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611390.377551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3577618.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901363.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611390.377551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3577618.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901363.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611390.377551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.885315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.885315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.743243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    38.213174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1950.043583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.952170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93093569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68808868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161902437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93093569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68808868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      161902437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93093569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68808868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     161902437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3580521.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 955678.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1652065.683673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3580521.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 955678.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1652065.683673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3580521.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 955678.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1652065.683673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90809770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62486238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153296008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90809770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62486238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153296008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90809770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62486238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153296008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3492683.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 867864.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564244.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3492683.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 867864.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564244.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3492683.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 867864.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1564244.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          375                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         113265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.745770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.588654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.355416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   173.915480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1854.140449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.084920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.905342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   343                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 375                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14450528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    342101291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     356551819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14450528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    342101291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      356551819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14450528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    342101291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     356551819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 963368.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950281.363889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950804.850667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 963368.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950281.363889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950804.850667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 963368.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950281.363889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950804.850667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13123778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    310364355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323488133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13123778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    310364355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323488133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13123778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    310364355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323488133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.512091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 874918.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862123.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862635.021333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 874918.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862123.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862635.021333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 874918.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862123.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862635.021333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2045.190312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          86611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.058592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.582835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.269148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.800108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1700.538220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.106348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.830341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.998628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   312                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    443058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     455849536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33949719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33949719                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477008584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      489799255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12790671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477008584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     489799255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.586207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.593220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.612422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.612422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1002395.622172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1001867.112088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 893413.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893413.657895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 993767.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 993507.616633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 983897.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 993767.883333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 993507.616633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    404251265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415900536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30613319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30613319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    434864584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446513855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11649271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    434864584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446513855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.586207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.606061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 914595.622172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914067.112088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 805613.657895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805613.657895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 905967.883333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 905707.616633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 896097.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 905967.883333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 905707.616633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.544440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.544440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.296596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    59.159629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1932.543775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.943625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92607542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102874149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     195481691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92607542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102874149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      195481691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92607542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102874149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     195481691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3429908.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902404.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1386394.971631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3429908.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902404.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1386394.971631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3429908.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902404.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1386394.971631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90236141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92859753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183095894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90236141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92859753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183095894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90236141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92859753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183095894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3342079.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814559.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298552.439716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3342079.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814559.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298552.439716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3342079.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 814559.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298552.439716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.707629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.589357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.353327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   174.855807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1853.201509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.085379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.904884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13123367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345973564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     359096931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13123367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345973564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      359096931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13123367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345973564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     359096931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 874891.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955728.077348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952511.753316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 874891.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955728.077348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952511.753316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 874891.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955728.077348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952511.753316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11806367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314188441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325994808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11806367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314188441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325994808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11806367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314188441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325994808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 787091.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867923.870166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864707.713528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 787091.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867923.870166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864707.713528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 787091.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867923.870166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864707.713528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.051830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.243988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.725362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    71.609414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1864.473066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.034966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.910387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107117678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     123678716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1733662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1733662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108851340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      125412378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108851340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     125412378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 830369.596899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864886.125874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1733662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1733662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       837318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870919.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       837318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870919.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     95787889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111119727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1645862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1645862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97433751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112765589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97433751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112765589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 742541.775194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777061.027972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1645862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1645862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749490.392308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783094.368056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749490.392308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783094.368056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.593614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.207394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   174.245852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1854.953141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.085081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.905739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14432107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367291238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     381723345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14432107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367291238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      381723345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14432107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    367291238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     381723345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1030864.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011821.592287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012528.766578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1030864.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011821.592287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1012528.766578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1030864.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011821.592287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1012528.766578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13202907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335412115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348615022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13202907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335412115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348615022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13202907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    335412115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348615022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 943064.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924000.316804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924708.281167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 943064.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924000.316804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924708.281167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 943064.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 924000.316804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924708.281167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2045.218556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        34.043239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         115.118739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.288991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   218.576926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1699.233901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.106727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.829704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 496                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9730841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    445698538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     455429379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37590025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37590025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9730841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    483288563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      493019404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9730841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    483288563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     493019404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.610619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.616915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.610619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.616915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 748526.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1010654.281179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003148.411894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 895000.595238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895000.595238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 748526.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1000597.438923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 993990.733871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 748526.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1000597.438923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 993990.733871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8589441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    406970382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415559823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33901791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33901791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8589441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    440872173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    449461614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8589441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    440872173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    449461614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.588785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.610619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 660726.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 922835.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915330.006608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807185.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807185.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 660726.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 912778.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906172.608871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 660726.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 912778.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906172.608871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131156533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131156533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131156533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131156533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131156533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131156533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198939.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198939.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198939.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198939.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198939.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198939.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483571                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741785.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869369.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869369.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869369.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869369.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869369.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869369.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194857927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194857927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195850671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195850671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195850671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195850671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230328.518913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230328.518913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228264.185315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91330023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91330023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91538376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91538376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91538376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91538376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268617.714706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268617.714706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266875.731778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              557.258397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765681639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1372189.317204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.258397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       105622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       105622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         105622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       105622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        105622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     22191031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22191031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     22191031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22191031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     22191031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22191031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       105642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       105642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       105642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       105642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       105642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1109551.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1109551.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1109551.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1109551.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1109551.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1109551.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15853830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15853830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15853830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15853830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15853830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15853830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1056922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1056922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1056922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1056922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1056922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1056922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287935514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             296840.736082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.353994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   154.646006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.395914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.604086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       269093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        269093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       146604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       415697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         415697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       415697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        415697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1381466081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1381466081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1381466081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1381466081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1381466081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1381466081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       271748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       271748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       146604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       418352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       418352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       418352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       418352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 520326.207533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 520326.207533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 520326.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 520326.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 520326.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 520326.207533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    364992418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364992418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    364992418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364992418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    364992418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364992418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 511193.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 511193.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 511193.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 511193.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 511193.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 511193.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.416420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750383829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1494788.503984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.416420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        91379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        91379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total          91379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        91379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total         91379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13646159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13646159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13646159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13646159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13646159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13646159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        91397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        91397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total        91397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        91397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total        91397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 758119.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 758119.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 758119.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 758119.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 758119.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 758119.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10993488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10993488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10993488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10993488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10993488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10993488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 845652.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845652.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 845652.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845652.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 845652.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845652.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125035886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             118405.195076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   173.697520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    82.302480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.678506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.321494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        55381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       124186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         124186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       124186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        124186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1268305612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1268305612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    304835414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304835414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573141026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1573141026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1573141026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1573141026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        70767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       126471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       126471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 646435.072375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646435.072375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943762.891641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943762.891641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688464.343982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 688464.343982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688464.343982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 688464.343982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    477351436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477351436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36527158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36527158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    513878594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513878594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    513878594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513878594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 627268.641261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627268.641261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 936593.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936593.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 642348.242500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642348.242500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 642348.242500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642348.242500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              502.262506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746681070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1484455.407555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.262506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         119532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        119532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96373632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96373632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96373632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96373632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96373632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96373632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       119571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       119571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       119571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2471118.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2471118.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2471118.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2471118.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2471118.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2471118.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       616759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       616759                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83472937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83472937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83472937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83472937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83472937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83472937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2981176.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2981176.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2981176.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2981176.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2981176.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2981176.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112792422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171939.667683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   157.636794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    98.363206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.615769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.384231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        67236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         147994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        147994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    421835978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    421835978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1155924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155924                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    422991902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    422991902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    422991902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    422991902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        67250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       149300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326498.434985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 326498.434985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        82566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 323883.539051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 323883.539051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 323883.539051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 323883.539051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116496614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116496614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116688914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116688914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116688914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116688914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 293442.352645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293442.352645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291722.285000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291722.285000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291722.285000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291722.285000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.546885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765680793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1377123.728417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.546885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         104776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        104776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16546357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       104794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       104794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919242.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12268903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943761.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287932013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             298375.143005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.565923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.434077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425880254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1425880254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425880254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1425880254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1425880254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1425880254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539289.052194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539289.052194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539289.052194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539289.052194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 539289.052194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539289.052194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376242355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376242355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376242355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376242355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    376242355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376242355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530666.227080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530666.227080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530666.227080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530666.227080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 530666.227080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 530666.227080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.248070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746680976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1484455.220676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.248070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         119438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        119438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109121335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109121335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       119477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       119477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2797982.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       899296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       449648                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     92991703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92991703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3321132.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112792312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             171939.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.457119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.542881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.615067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.384933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         147884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        147884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    403986075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403986075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1159098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1159098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405145173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    405145173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405145173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405145173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 312682.720588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312682.720588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82792.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 310218.356049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117195395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117195395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117387695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117387695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117387695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117387695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 295202.506297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295202.506297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293469.237500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.269851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746680239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1484453.755467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.269851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89346244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89346244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89346244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89346244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89346244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89346244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290929.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2290929.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2290929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2290929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73599117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73599117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73599117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73599117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73599117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73599117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628539.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628539.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628539.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628539.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628539.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2628539.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112791401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             173258.680492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   157.186879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    98.813121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.614011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.385989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    435602066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435602066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436759026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    436759026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436759026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    436759026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341380.929467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341380.929467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338572.888372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338572.888372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338572.888372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338572.888372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123703740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123703740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123896040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123896040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123896040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123896040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 315570.765306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315570.765306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313660.860759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313660.860759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313660.860759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313660.860759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              472.522337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750129878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1553063.929607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.522337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.028081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153943336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153943336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153943336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153943336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    153943336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153943336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848583.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3848583.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848583.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3848583.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3848583.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3848583.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3426368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       856592                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95648580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95648580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95648580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95648580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95648580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95648580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416020.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416020.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416020.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416020.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3416020.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3416020.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181791.619366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   117.289284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   138.710716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.458161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.541839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195295053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195295053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196288556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196288556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196288556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196288556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 230845.216312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230845.216312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228774.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228774.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228774.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228774.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89256926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89256926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89465377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89465377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89465377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89465377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 262520.370588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262520.370588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260832.002915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260832.002915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260832.002915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260832.002915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              472.557841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750130497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1553065.211180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.557841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.028138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         122530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        122530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    153741082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153741082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    153741082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153741082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    153741082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153741082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       122571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       122571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3749782.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3749782.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3749782.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3749782.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3749782.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3749782.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2747439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1373719.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93438611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93438611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93438611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93438611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93438611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93438611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3337093.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3337093.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3337093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3337093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3337093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3337093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108894058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             181793.085142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   117.492048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   138.507952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.458953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.541047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        96758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        70821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       167579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         167579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       167579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        167579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    184670253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    184670253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       992876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185663129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185663129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185663129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185663129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       168437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       168437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 218286.351064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218286.351064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82739.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82739.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 216390.593240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216390.593240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 216390.593240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216390.593240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86841517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86841517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87049881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87049881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87049881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87049881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 255416.226471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255416.226471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69454.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69454.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 253789.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253789.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 253789.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253789.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              557.354159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765680983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1372188.141577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.354159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.023003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       104966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       104966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         104966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       104966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        104966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     17437845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17437845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     17437845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17437845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     17437845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17437845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       104986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       104986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       104986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       104986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       104986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 871892.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871892.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 871892.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871892.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 871892.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871892.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14600810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14600810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14600810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14600810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     14600810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14600810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 973387.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973387.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 973387.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973387.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 973387.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973387.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287932927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             300242.885297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.491832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.508168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.396452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.603548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       267421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       413114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         413114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       413114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        413114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1412554164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412554164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1412554164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412554164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1412554164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1412554164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       270034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       145693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       415727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       415727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 540587.127440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 540587.127440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 540587.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 540587.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 540587.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 540587.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    368530879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368530879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    368530879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368530879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    368530879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368530879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 524226.001422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524226.001422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 524226.001422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524226.001422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 524226.001422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524226.001422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.405089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750384609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494790.057769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.405089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total          92159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst        92159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total         92159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15803672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15803672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total        92178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst        92178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total        92178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831772.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12899272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12899272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125036977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             119310.092557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   173.472929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    82.527071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.677629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.322371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        55853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         125277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        125277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1223666362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1223666362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    315824152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    315824152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1539490514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1539490514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1539490514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1539490514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        56190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       127487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       127487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 653318.933262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653318.933262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 937163.655786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937163.655786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 696602.042534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    467671072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467671072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34265119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34265119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    501936191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501936191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    501936191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501936191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 620253.411141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 620253.411141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 901713.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901713.657895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633757.816919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              502.278217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746680545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1484454.363817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.278217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.043715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110170223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110170223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110170223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110170223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    110170223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110170223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2754255.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2754255.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2754255.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2754255.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2754255.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2754255.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       898665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 449332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92895742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92895742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92895742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92895742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92895742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92895742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3317705.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3317705.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3317705.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3317705.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3317705.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3317705.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112791917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             171938.897866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.293671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.706329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.614428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.385572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    441000849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441000849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1163860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    442164709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    442164709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    442164709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    442164709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       148790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342924.454899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342924.454899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83132.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83132.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340126.699231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340126.699231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340126.699231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340126.699231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122193843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122193843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122386143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122386143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    122386143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122386143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 307793.055416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 307793.055416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 305965.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305965.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 305965.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305965.357500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              557.352089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765680731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1372187.689964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.352089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         104714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        104714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16116129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16116129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16116129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16116129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16116129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16116129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       104734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       104734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 805806.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805806.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 805806.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805806.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 805806.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805806.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13262711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13262711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13262711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13262711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13262711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13262711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 884180.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884180.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 884180.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884180.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 884180.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884180.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287930933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             299304.504158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.476380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   154.523620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.396392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.603608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       266092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         411120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        411120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426818792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1426818792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426818792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1426818792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426818792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1426818792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       268714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       268714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       413742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       413742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544171.926773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 544171.926773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544171.926773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 544171.926773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544171.926773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 544171.926773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372500104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372500104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372500104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372500104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372500104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372500104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527620.543909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527620.543909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527620.543909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527620.543909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527620.543909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527620.543909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.724219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747243999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1506540.320565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.724219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         116722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        116722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       116741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       116741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117744926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             164908.859944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.045959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.954041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.613461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.386539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         147897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        147897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    556538598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    556538598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68921326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68921326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    625459924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    625459924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    625459924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625459924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 351572.077069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351572.077069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 689213.260000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 689213.260000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 371633.941771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371633.941771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 371633.941771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371633.941771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       942941                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 471470.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129615574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129615574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1741962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1741962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131357536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131357536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131357536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131357536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283003.436681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283003.436681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1741962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1741962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286181.995643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286181.995643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286181.995643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286181.995643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.206251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765680242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1374650.344704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.206251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         104225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       104225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        104225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20135176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20135176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20135176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20135176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20135176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20135176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       104244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       104244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       104244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1059746.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1059746.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1059746.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1059746.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1059746.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1059746.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14549051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14549051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14549051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14549051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14549051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14549051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1039217.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039217.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1039217.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039217.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1039217.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039217.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287927416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             298679.892116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.543444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   154.456556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.396654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.603346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       263705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        263705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       143898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       143898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       407603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         407603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       407603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        407603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457449773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1457449773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457449773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1457449773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1457449773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1457449773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       266363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       266363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       143898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       143898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       410261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       410261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       410261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       410261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548325.723476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 548325.723476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548325.723476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 548325.723476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 548325.723476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 548325.723476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393883172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393883172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393883172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393883172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    393883172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393883172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556332.163842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556332.163842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556332.163842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556332.163842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 556332.163842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556332.163842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.412389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750383715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1494788.276892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.412389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        91265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        91265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          91265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        91265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         91265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12746984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12746984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12746984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12746984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12746984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12746984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        91283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        91283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        91283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        91283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        91283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 708165.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 708165.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 708165.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 708165.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 708165.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 708165.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9844555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9844555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9844555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9844555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9844555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9844555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 757273.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757273.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 757273.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757273.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 757273.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757273.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125036073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             119423.183381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   173.693818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    82.306182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.678491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.321509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        69016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       124374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         124374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       124374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        124374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1217149511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1217149511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    309559571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    309559571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1526709082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1526709082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1526709082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1526709082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       126618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       126618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 643313.695032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 643313.695032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 879430.599432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879430.599432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 680351.640820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 680351.640820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 680351.640820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 680351.640820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    470059635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470059635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37938625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37938625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    507998260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507998260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    507998260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507998260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 627582.957276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627582.957276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 903300.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903300.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 642222.831858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642222.831858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 642222.831858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642222.831858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
