
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001205                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1204897731                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449099977371                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 413319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   544230                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38111                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31615.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13067137217                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17205902859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        33408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        58880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        95232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        95872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        33152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        59520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        59776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               807168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       258304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            258304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     27726835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1487263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     29214098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3399459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     48867218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1487263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     29107865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3293226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     50885646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     27939301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2762060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     26664504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     79037413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2868293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21459083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     79568579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     27301902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1487263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     27514368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     27408135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3186992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     49398383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2655827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     26558271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3080759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     49610850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               669905818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1487263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3399459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1487263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3293226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2762060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2868293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1487263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3186992                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2655827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3080759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           41643368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         214378360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              214378360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         214378360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     27726835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1487263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     29214098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3399459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     48867218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1487263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     29107865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3293226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     50885646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     27939301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2762060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     26664504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     79037413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2868293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21459083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     79568579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     27301902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1487263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     27514368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     27408135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3186992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     49398383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2655827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     26558271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3080759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     49610850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              884284178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196534                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19258                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          648                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1259048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        38484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18674                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2386759     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41144      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21657      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40433      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13583      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37569      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6087      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10487      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107767      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2665486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2234284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       109780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43121                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43121                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2242224                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         71109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        16452                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        21058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857765                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6406923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6406923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         379673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           38757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          253                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       570266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093419     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189080      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180637      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110431      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58285      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15255      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17578      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          378      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2361     57.50%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.62%     81.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024667     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10487      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225201     17.29%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42065      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.450784                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4106                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5275900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671755                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43121                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194484                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            42049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444299                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1267289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.438593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272693                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2200131     83.90%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166713      6.36%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106608      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33264      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55164      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11241      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7198      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35582      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3989137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2847904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                223958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.889441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.889441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5956590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2889174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         232461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24777                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2231080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1327189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            232461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       112850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              290828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        74234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          139109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2350714     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30752      1.16%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          37001      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19706      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22265      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12935      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8841      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22559      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         136769      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2641542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080459                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2212618                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        93329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          288199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        45020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1617727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        45020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2216589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         22076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        60964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          286675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1615502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2249006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7519503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7519503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1891081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         357789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        83094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2003441     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257408      9.74%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137586      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95426      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82996      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42227      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10624      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6750      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5084      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           409     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     42.69%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1516     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1268679     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23659      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138724      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82396      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.523902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5673874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1829493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1487383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28482                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        45020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611961                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        28026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             212788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         207760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            82361                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.515722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1487473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1487383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          886206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2319218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.514813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1110582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1362229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2596522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2039542     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258504      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108523      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64722      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44816      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29036      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15451      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12061      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23867      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2596522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1110582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1362229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               206392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              125220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           194771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1228245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4184561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3268938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                247632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1110582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1362229                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1110582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.601495                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.601495                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6721113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2068098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1509390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         224185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87117                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360706                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1406831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            224185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        90320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              277401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         43212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        59522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          137240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2726942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2449541     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           9520      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20432      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           8369      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          45279      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          40884      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7718      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          16505      0.61%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         128694      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2726942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.486886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2346685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        74031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          276172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        29085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        19727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1648856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        29085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2349795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         51157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        14548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          274167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1646627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         3145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           36                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1939682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7749765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7749765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1681547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         258123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       386449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       194018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1753                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1640937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1565643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       364787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2726942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2170371     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166923      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136919      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58973      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74792      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72375      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41227      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3338      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2024      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2726942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3903     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30744     86.47%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          908      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984220     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13570      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374513     23.92%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193248     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1565643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541849                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35555                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5894908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1790410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1601198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2736                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        29085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         46872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1641144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       194018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        15574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1553133                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             566185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         203366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           193204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.537520                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1550125                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1549983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          837987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1652160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.536429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1249573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1468317                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        13626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2697857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2164680     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194941      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91277      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90361      3.35%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24169      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104985      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7867      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5680      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13897      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2697857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1249573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1468317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               559549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              367456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           193924                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1305583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        13897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4325306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3311826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 53399                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                162502                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1249573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1468317                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1249573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.312345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.312345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.432461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.432461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7672288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1803407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1955896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         232430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96014                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23294                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2230667                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1326972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            232430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       112832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              290778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         70552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        74505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          139085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2350565     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          30748      1.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          36993      1.40%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          19704      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22260      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          12931      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8840      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          22555      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         136747      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2641343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2212198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        93608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          288147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        45012                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        37321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1617439                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        45012                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2216170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        61699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          286623                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        10202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1615216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2248627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7518135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7518135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1890882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         357745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           29330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       153679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        83078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2003362     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257341      9.74%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137557      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95413      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82987      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42226      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10624      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6748      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5085      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           409     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1433     42.69%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1515     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1268513     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23659      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138695      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82380      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513432                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.523780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5673252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1829177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1487182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        45012                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         16592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13806                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             212741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         207732                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            82345                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.515602                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1487269                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1487182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          886089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2318866                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.514695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1110471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1362083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249637                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2596331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2039427     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258466      9.96%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108499      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64720      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44807      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29034      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15451      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12061      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23866      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2596331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1110471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1362083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               206364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              125200                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           194751                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1228113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        27694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        23866                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4184185                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3268457                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                248101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1110471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1362083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1110471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.601999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.601999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6720156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2067840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1509131                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         223592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12186                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2357735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1402561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            223592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        90407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              276528                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         43564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        59410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          137210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2446601     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9564      0.35%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20084      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           8391      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          45261      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          40488      1.49%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8171      0.30%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          16648      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         127921      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2723129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.485409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2343224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        74418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          275324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        29228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1643624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        29228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2346385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         50878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        15219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          273237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1641167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           61                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1934709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7724382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7724382                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1676234                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         258463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       384228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       192961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         9562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1635352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1560559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       362287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167385     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167660      6.16%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136152      5.00%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59041      2.17%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74645      2.74%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71900      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41047      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3282      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2017      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3887     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30510     86.41%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          911      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982421     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13538      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372323     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192185     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1560559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022625                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5880680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1784061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1544927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1595867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        29228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         46430                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1635564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        15788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1548110                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370790                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             562926                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         202633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           192136                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.535781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1545064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1544927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          835280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1650388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.534680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        13835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2693901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162593     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194499      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91313      3.39%     90.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89451      3.32%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24376      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104135      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7863      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5661      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14010      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2693901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1244491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1462542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               556084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              365146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           193231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1300501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        14010                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4315636                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3300770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 53398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                166315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1244491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1462542                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1244491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.321788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.321788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.430703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.430703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7645222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1799154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1948329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         221858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1258218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            221858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       151538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              278639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         62839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        39768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          140714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2666427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2387788     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41151      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21816      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40535      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13416      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37514      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6038      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10451      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         107718      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2666427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.435453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2234463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       110649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          277914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        43063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        21994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1413847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        43063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2242313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         71592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        17017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          271539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        20897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1410912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        18689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1856568                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6402908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6402908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1477827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         378738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           38219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       248256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        42537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          215                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302243                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       568067                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2666427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2094543     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188997      7.09%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180723      6.78%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110098      4.13%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58368      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15323      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17586      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          409      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          380      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2666427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2429     58.11%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          971     23.23%     81.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          780     18.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024691     78.69%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10492      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225014     17.28%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41951      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302243                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.450690                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        43063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         37251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             263184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         194492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            41934                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.444157                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1267590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1267017                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          765756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1693452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.438499                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.452186                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129505                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272196                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2623363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2201133     83.91%     83.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166760      6.36%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106574      4.06%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33214      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55225      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11229      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7234      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6446      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35548      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2623363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       999864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1129505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               236163                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              195282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          987966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3989503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2846514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 51257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                223017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            999864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1129505                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       999864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.889837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.889837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5954471                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1657452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1489470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         222135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2307252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1259754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            222135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       151774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              279003                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         62588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        38469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          140816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2667993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2388990     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          41231      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21644      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          40499      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13618      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37583      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6167      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10446      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         107815      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2667993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.076878                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.435985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2238724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       107826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          278246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42847                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        22013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1416032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1757                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42847                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2246396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         70043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        16099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          272002                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        20600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1413032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        18326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1859493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6413097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6413097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1483193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         376300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       248377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        42771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         9445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1403631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1305275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267409                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2667993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2094767     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189300      7.10%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       181212      6.79%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110698      4.15%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58241      2.18%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15323      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17657      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          424      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          371      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2667993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2331     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          967     23.71%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          780     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1026934     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10573      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225465     17.27%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42208      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1305275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.451739                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4078                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003124                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5283833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270176                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1677                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42847                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         36417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11539                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1286643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             263915                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         194944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            42191                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.445291                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1270766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1270176                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          767677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1698363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.439592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.452010                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270604                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2625146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2201368     83.86%     83.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167372      6.38%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107054      4.08%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33364      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55299      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11323      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7262      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35640      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2625146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1002944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1133323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               236712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              195618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          991400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        14601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        35640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3993420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2850733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 51263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                221451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1002944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1133323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1002944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.880962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.880962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.347106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.347106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5969704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1661785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1491534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         223901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2170038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1322931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            223901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              271663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         73135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        73718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          135194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2564352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2292689     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          14356      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          22945      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34054      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          14638      0.57%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17250      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          17444      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12192      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         138784      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2564352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.457850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2142005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       102525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          269689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        48548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1603005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        48548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2147521                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         47946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        37350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          265897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        17087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1599533                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         8605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1457                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2187555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7456892                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7456892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1806762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         380793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           48742                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       161821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        89322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        18866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1593940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487944                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243361                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2564352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1929496     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257716     10.05%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142798      5.57%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93235      3.64%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85234      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26257      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18842      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6538      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4236      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2564352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           383     10.25%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1626     43.52%     53.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1727     46.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1225180     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27378      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147537      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87684      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487944                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.514959                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002511                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5546140                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1837731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1461106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1491680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        48548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         33182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2085                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        27060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1466749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139807                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             227340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         199450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            87533                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.507623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1461259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1461106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          863643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2191351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.505670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2515804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980358     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255042     10.14%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106077      4.22%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54119      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40441      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22954      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14078      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11648      0.46%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31087      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2515804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1083130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1320787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               212034                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              128181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183744                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1193761                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4080073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3239297                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 38772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                325092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1083130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1320787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1083130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.667680                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.667680                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6657239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1995610                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1519622                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         236969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2276414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1326806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            236969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       114953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              275533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        53321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          140786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2649008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2373475     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12843      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19852      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          26927      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          28140      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23896      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          12989      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20360      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         130526      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2649008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082012                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2253391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          274855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        43506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        38918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1626416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        43506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2259881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         15564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        46994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          268775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        14283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1624810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2268405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7554950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7554950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1935007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         333375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           44871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       152999                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        81627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        21199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1621567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1529873                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197840                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2649008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2000697     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267704     10.11%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135220      5.10%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       101238      3.82%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79070      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32341      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20667      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10540      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1531      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2649008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          981     36.15%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1403     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1286896     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22749      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138796      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81242      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1529873                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529470                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5711784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1819818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1504784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        43506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1621965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152999                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28011                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1507111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         213543                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            81226                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1504860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1504784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          864535                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2329153                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371180                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1387760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234189                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        24930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2605502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2034389     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284078     10.90%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106516      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50318      1.93%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44026      1.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24701      0.95%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21012      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9681      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30781      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2605502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1127808                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1387760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               205746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              125738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           200098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1250361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        28573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4196657                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3287432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 36319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                240436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1127808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1387760                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1127808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.562000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.562000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6781675                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2097935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1507124                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223813                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1322759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223813                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              271373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         73648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        77231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          134890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23428                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2561868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2290495     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14413      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          22786      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33851      1.32%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14494      0.57%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17002      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          17600      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          12288      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         138939      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2561868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077459                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.457790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2135334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       106546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          269317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1638                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        49030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        36355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1602982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1346                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        49030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2140890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         50985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        37639                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          265571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        17750                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1599616                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1705                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2188001                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7456722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7456722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1802617                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         385375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           49579                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       162280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        89285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1593999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1485915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246894                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2561868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1928053     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257109     10.04%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142353      5.56%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93574      3.65%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85138      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26154      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18600      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6640      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4247      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2561868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           377     10.10%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1632     43.73%     53.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1723     46.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223438     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27329      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147346      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87637      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1485915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.514256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002512                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5539736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1841322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1458783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1489647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6968                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34369                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        49030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         36270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       162280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        27042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             227205                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         198974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            87478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.506883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1458992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1458783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          862880                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2189064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.504866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2512838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978832     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254233     10.12%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105514      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54230      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40414      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22931      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14069      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11774      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30841      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2512838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1080722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1317822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               211598                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              127908                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           183298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1191122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25697                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30841                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4077456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3239994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 38773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                327576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1080722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1317822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1080722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.673624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.673624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.374024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.374024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6647444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1992892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1519244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137780                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259440                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278826                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        38234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.533028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2386284     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41216      1.55%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21665      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40456      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13566      0.51%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37471      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6027      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10517      0.39%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107908      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2665110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2235050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       108630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          278079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        22059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1415423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1765                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2242889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70779                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15931                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          271719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        20764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1412436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        18600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1858626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6409960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6409960                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1480323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         378270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9451                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          206                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       569484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2092742     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189049      7.09%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180854      6.79%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110370      4.14%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58430      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15291      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17558      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          438      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          378      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2402     57.77%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          976     23.47%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          780     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025586     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10498      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225193     17.28%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42108      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.451118                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5277587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268317                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         36804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2551                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          536                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194710                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            42088                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.444635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1268939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1268317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          766322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1694170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.438948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199266     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166974      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106764      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33233      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55296      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11203      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7249      0.28%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6480      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35623      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1001280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1131238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236389                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195424                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          989507                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35623                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3989641                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2849453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 51279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                224334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1001280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1131238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1001280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.885750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.885750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346530                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346530                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5960521                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1659286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1490969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         232748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89652                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2233647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1328756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            232748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       112977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              291186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         70637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        70867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          139267                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2349962     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          30798      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          37044      1.40%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          19738      0.75%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22293      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          12946      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8851      0.34%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          22576      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136940      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2641148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2215143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        90004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          288552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1619676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2219122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         22033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        57671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          287025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        10221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1617447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2251760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7528562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7528562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1893562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         358198                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       153894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        83180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1613491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1515515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002282     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257672      9.76%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137807      5.22%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95521      3.62%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83085      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42292      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10644      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6758      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5087      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           409     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     42.71%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1512     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1270275     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23685      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138888      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82482      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1515515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.524501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5677220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1489237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1518868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3603                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         16991                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1613911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        28058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491860                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             213033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         208030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            82448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.516314                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1489324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1489237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          887334                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2322217                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.515406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1112000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2596080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038427     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258798      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108648      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64805      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44868      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29082      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15472      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12080      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23900      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2596080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1112000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1363983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               206650                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              125383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           195022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1229822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        23900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4186135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3272983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                248296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1112000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1363983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1112000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.598421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.598421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384849                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384849                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6729428                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2070720                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1511158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1258154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278521                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        38826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2386639     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41079      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21732      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40519      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13556      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37432      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6080      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10472      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107651      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2665160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.435431                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2234331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       109696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1413548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1767                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2242175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         71411                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        16235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          271439                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        20892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1410644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        18690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1856454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6401053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6401053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1478224                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42519                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093395     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188985      7.09%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180585      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110220      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58301      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15222      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17659      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          378      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2429     58.22%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          966     23.15%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024558     78.69%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10488      0.81%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       224898     17.27%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41973      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.450610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4172                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5274728                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267074                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         37132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42519                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8880                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20410                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283439                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.444182                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1267620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1267074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.438518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452366                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2199913     83.90%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166720      6.36%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106633      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33152      1.26%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55255      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11205      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7252      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6439      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35589      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1129784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236195                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173335                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          988206                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35589                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3988018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2845959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 51247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                224284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1129784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.889178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.889178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5954643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1657559                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1489429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         224048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87960                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1406079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            224048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        90282                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              277144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         43348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        57841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          137287                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2447947     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9490      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20148      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           8427      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          45390      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          40820      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7747      0.28%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          16601      0.61%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         128521      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2725091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077540                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.486626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2346433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        72613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          275946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        29157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1648019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        29157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2349634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         49470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        14640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          273800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1645858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           79                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1939070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7746175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7746175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1680351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         258696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       385795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       193859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1808                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         9673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1639998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1564813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168577     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167267      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136568      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59041      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74783      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72310      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41237      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3281      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2027      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3904     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30676     86.44%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984180     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13587      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373896     23.89%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193058     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1564813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541562                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5891333                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1789593                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1600302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        29157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         45020                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2132                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1640201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        15653                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1552285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             565433                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         203192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           193015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.537226                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1549313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1549170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          837463                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1652219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.536148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1248429                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1467017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2695934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163054     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       195147      7.24%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91198      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90084      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24226      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104685      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7872      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5683      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13985      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2695934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1248429                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1467017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               558769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              366936                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           193768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1304439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        13985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4322276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3309880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 53452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                164353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1248429                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1467017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1248429                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.314464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.314464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.432065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.432065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7667399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1802566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1954426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         221905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141863                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13633                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          645                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2306254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1259102                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            221905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       151578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              278814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        38767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          140769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18632                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2667213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2388399     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41286      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21598      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40488      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13616      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37492      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6098      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10449      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         107787      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2667213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076799                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.435759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2236404                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       109434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          278081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        42955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        21939                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1414896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1758                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        42955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2244250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         71090                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        16344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          271727                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        20841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1412056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        18643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1858050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6408040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6408040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1481478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         376566                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       248726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        42777                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          209                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2667213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2094461     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189475      7.10%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180766      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110449      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58353      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15274      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17632      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          433      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          370      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2667213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2364     57.49%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          972     23.64%     81.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025897     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10515      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225275     17.28%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42137      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.451270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5280442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53215                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        42955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         36890                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42777                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1285565                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221702                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             263825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         194833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            42123                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.444918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1269597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1268995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          766851                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1694435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.439183                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.452570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1132097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271085                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2624258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2200922     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167223      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106965      4.08%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33286      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55224      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11308      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7256      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6478      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35596      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2624258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1001952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1132097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               236537                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           173670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          990284                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3991831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2849352                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 51328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                222231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1001952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1132097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1001952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.883815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.883815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5964217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1660371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1490711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2889444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         223284                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       106220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2357764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1402002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            223284                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        90227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              276570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         43444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        59989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          137175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2447171     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9742      0.36%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20084      0.74%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           8388      0.31%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          45135      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          40671      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7838      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          16500      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         128212      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2723741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.485215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2343430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74809                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          275389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          912                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        29192                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        19804                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1643616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        29192                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2346475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         49848                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        16722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          273377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1641362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          139                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1934602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7725913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7725913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1676466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         258115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          207                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          115                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       384433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       193089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1635573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1560926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       361056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167648     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167743      6.16%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136644      5.02%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58908      2.16%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74466      2.73%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72020      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40998      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3293      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2021      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3945     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30509     86.28%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          907      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982632     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13589      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372351     23.85%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192262     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1560926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540217                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5882121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1545546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1596287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        29192                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         45229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1635789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          115                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1388                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7271                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8371                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        15642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1548590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             563057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         202680                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           192217                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.535947                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1545685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1545546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          836080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1651205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.534894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506345                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       173113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        13755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2694549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163218     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194540      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91030      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89595      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24442      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104261      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7845      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5673      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13945      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2694549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1244715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1462799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               556240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              365252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           193261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1300728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        13945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4316503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3301049                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 53436                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                165703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1244715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1462799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1244715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.321370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.321370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.430780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.430780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7648281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1799283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1948045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           6309                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32745.584875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           851071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          39062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.787696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1177.303389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.228956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   136.786359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.817272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   146.507530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.966345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   231.310087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.817222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   148.399906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.328792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   240.209440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.238007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   136.229925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.511154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   130.125243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.001049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   325.930253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.980954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.699112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.960736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   330.488261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.182181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   136.536864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.818249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   138.761222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.237965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   131.061451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.675600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   236.446614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.286895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   129.890946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.708947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   238.814077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1732.595529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1506.903861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1881.026656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1450.763464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1802.830888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1717.391026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1713.654097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2519.649876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1177.786425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2550.427774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1675.149953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1532.000719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1707.708424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1830.057125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1707.810941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1811.567112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.035928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.004471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.007059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.004529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.007331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.004157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.009947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.010086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.004167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.004235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.004000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.007216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.052875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.045987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.057404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.044274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.055018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.052411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.052297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.076894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.077833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.051122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.046753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.052115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.055849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.052118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.055285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3820122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39683528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2198438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41144494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5129034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69454074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2035444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41064496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5000817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72727946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4069489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39406707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3917367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38436423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3673754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99928518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4055270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30952831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3667917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    100667958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3874576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38746358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2024868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38734139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3997541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38730743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4865778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70375040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3868015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37902747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4642986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     71474596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       930272014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       169699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       308674                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       130626                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       286824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       199250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12460455                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12217867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       135709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       134800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       167889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       147288                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      26359081                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3820122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39683528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2198438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41314193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5129034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69762748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2035444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41195122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5000817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     73014770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4069489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39605957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3917367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38436423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3673754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112388973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4055270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30952831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3667917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112885825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3874576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38882067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2024868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38868939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3997541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38898632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4865778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70375040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3868015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38050035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4642986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     71474596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        956631095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3820122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39683528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2198438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41314193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5129034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69762748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2035444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41195122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5000817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     73014770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4069489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39605957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3917367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38436423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3673754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112388973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4055270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30952831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3667917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112885825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3874576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38882067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2024868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38868939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3997541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38898632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4865778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70375040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3868015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38050035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4642986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     71474596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       956631095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               12786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                12992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               12992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.408451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.446982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.551325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.401254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.489989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.491579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.479431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.964706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.976471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.854369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.406542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.447883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.501046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.576744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.579273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.488445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.490031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.485376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.406542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.447883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.501046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.576744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.579273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.488445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.490031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.485376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152804.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152044.168582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157031.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150162.386861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160282.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151646.449782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145388.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150419.399267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161316.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152469.488470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162779.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150407.278626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150667.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153133.159363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146950.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150949.422961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150195.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153231.836634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146716.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151153.090090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154983.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151352.960938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144633.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150132.321705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159901.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150703.280156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162192.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151344.172043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154720.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152219.867470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160102.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153050.526767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151757.261664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       169699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       154337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       130626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       143412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       199250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151956.768293                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 147203.216867                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       135709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       134800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       167889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       147288                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149767.505682                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152804.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152044.168582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157031.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150233.429091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160282.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151658.147826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145388.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150347.160584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161316.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152431.670146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162779.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150592.992395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150667.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153133.159363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146950.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151060.447581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150195.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153231.836634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146716.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150715.387183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154983.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151292.089494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144633.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150073.123552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159901.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150769.891473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162192.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151344.172043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154720.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152200.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160102.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153050.526767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151701.727720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152804.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152044.168582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157031.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150233.429091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160282.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151658.147826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145388.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150347.160584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161316.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152431.670146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162779.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150592.992395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150667.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153133.159363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146950.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151060.447581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150195.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153231.836634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146716.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150715.387183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154983.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151292.089494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144633.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150073.123552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159901.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150769.891473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162192.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151344.172043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154720.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152200.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160102.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153050.526767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151701.727720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2366486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24483610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1384607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25190916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3270171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42806874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1219492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25170050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3199169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     44981392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2619061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24155808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2406971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23821423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2217959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61392896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2484108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19198940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2214692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     61900902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23848919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1208259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23713595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2544837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23778191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3126119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43312738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2415703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23411315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2959511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44302570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573528162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       110963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       191784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        72701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       170198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       141450                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7682936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7381072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        77603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        76125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       109177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        89488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16103497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2366486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24483610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1384607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25301879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3270171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42998658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1219492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25242751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3199169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45151590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2619061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24297258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2406971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23821423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2217959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69075832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2484108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19198940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2214692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69281974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23926522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1208259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23789720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2544837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23887368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3126119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43312738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2415703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23500803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2959511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44302570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589631659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2366486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24483610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1384607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25301879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3270171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42998658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1219492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25242751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3199169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45151590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2619061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24297258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2406971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23821423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2217959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69075832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2484108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     19198940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2214692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69281974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2420878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23926522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1208259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23789720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2544837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23887368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3126119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43312738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2415703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23500803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2959511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44302570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589631659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.408451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.446982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.549378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.551325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.401254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.489989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.491579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.964706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.976471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.854369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.406542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.447883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.501046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.576744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.579273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.488445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.490031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.485376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.406542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.447883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.480669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.501046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.576744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.579273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.400936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.488445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.490031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.485376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94659.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93806.934866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98900.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91937.649635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102192.843750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93464.790393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87106.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92197.985348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94300.612159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104762.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92197.740458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92575.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94906.067729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88718.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92738.513595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95044.257426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88587.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92944.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96835.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93159.839844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86304.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91913.158915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101793.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92522.143969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104203.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93145.673118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96628.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94021.345382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102052.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94866.316916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93560.874715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       110963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        95892                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        72701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        85099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       141450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93694.341463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88928.578313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        77603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        76125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       109177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        89488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91497.142045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94659.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93806.934866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98900.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92006.832727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102192.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93475.343478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87106.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92126.828467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94262.192067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104762.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92385.011407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92575.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94906.067729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88718.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92843.860215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95044.257426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88587.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92499.297730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96835.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93099.307393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86304.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91852.200772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101793.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92586.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104203.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93145.673118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96628.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94003.212000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102052.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94866.316916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93503.276086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94659.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93806.934866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98900.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92006.832727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102192.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93475.343478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87106.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92126.828467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94262.192067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104762.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92385.011407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92575.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94906.067729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 88718.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92843.860215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95044.257426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88587.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92499.297730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96835.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93099.307393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86304.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91852.200772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101793.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92586.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104203.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93145.673118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96628.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94003.212000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102052.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94866.316916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93503.276086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.228000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1356551.379747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.490590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.737411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.024825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5269399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5269399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5269399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5269399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5269399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5269399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175646.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175646.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175646.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175646.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175646.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175646.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4455591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4455591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4455591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4455591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4455591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4455591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171368.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171368.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171368.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171368.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171368.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171368.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190569.111359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.846414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.153586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    247559465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247559465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1963225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1963225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    249522690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    249522690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    249522690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    249522690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112629.419927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112629.419927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130881.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130881.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112753.136014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112753.136014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112753.136014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112753.136014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     69753520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69753520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       356726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     70110246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70110246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     70110246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70110246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109160.438185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109160.438185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118908.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118908.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109205.990654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109205.990654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109205.990654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109205.990654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.816447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845324119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1704282.497984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.816447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       139091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       139091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         139091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       139091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        139091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2866290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2866290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2866290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2866290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       139109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       139109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       139109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       139109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       139109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159238.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159238.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159238.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159238.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159238.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159238.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2494746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2494746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2494746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178196.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178196.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178196.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178196.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178196.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178196.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132974821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             152844.621839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.458877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.541123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.689292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.310708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       176201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         176201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       176201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        176201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    273032308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273032308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11945731                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11945731                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    284978039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    284978039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    284978039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    284978039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        80773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132862.436983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132862.436983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 140538.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140538.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133167.307944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133167.307944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133167.307944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133167.307944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67701624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67701624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       177999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67879623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67879623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67879623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67879623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110443.106036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110443.106036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       177999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110553.131922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110553.131922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110553.131922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110553.131922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.005494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              868085153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1507092.279514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.920740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.084754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       137195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       137195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         137195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       137195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        137195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8243161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8243161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8243161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8243161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8243161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8243161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       137240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       137240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       137240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       137240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       137240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183181.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183181.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183181.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183181.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 183181.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183181.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6513052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6513052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6513052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6513052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6513052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6513052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197365.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197365.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197365.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197365.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197365.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197365.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              332279987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             273932.388293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   106.709180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   149.290820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.416833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.583167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       352059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        352059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       191887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       543946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         543946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       543946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        543946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    417676497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417676497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1598296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1598296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    419274793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419274793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    419274793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419274793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       355430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       355430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       191897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       547327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       547327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       547327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       547327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123902.846930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123902.846930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159829.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159829.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124009.107660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124009.107660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124009.107660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124009.107660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110423815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110423815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       469879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       469879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110893694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110893694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    110893694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110893694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115748.233753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115748.233753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 156626.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156626.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115876.378265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115876.378265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115876.378265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115876.378265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.816467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              845324096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1704282.451613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.816467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       139068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       139068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         139068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       139068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        139068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2653799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2653799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2653799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2653799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2653799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2653799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       139085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       139085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       139085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       139085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       139085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156105.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156105.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156105.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156105.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156105.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156105.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2296623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2296623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2296623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2296623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164044.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164044.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164044.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164044.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164044.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164044.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              132974790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             153020.471807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   176.370115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    79.629885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.688946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.311054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       176170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         176170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       176170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        176170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    271027272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271027272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10054872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10054872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281082144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    281082144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    281082144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    281082144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        97541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        80765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       178306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       178306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132143.964895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132143.964895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118292.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118292.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131592.764045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131592.764045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131592.764045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131592.764045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67658729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67658729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       138926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67797655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67797655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     67797655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67797655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110553.478758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110553.478758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       138926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       138926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110599.763458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110599.763458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110599.763458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110599.763458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.367997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              868085124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1509713.259130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.283738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.084259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         137166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       137166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        137166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8183535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8183535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8183535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8183535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8183535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8183535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       137210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       137210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       137210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 185989.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185989.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 185989.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185989.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 185989.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185989.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6029781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6029781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6029781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 188430.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188430.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 188430.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188430.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 188430.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188430.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              332276643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             274155.646040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   106.657225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   149.342775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.416630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.583370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       349867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       540599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         540599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       540599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        540599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    425011383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    425011383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1374638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1374638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426386021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    426386021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426386021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    426386021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       353226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       190742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       543968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       543968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       543968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       543968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126529.140518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126529.140518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 137463.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137463.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126561.597210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126561.597210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126561.597210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126561.597210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    113015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       396868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    113412542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113412542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    113412542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113412542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118589.374607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118589.374607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132289.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132289.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118632.366109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118632.366109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118632.366109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118632.366109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.236676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750172878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1356551.316456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.499809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.736867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.024839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         140681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        140681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6553382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6553382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6553382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6553382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6553382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6553382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       140714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       140714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 198587.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198587.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 198587.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198587.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 198587.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198587.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5251690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5251690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5251690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5251690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5251690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5251690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 201988.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201988.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 201988.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201988.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 201988.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201988.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171130894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             190994.301339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   154.246421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   101.753579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.602525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.397475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       201226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       241889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         241889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       241889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        241889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    244364615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244364615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3226493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3226493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    247591108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247591108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    247591108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247591108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       203422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111277.147086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111277.147086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 215099.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215099.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111981.505201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111981.505201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111981.505201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111981.505201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     69759167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69759167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       487743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       487743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70246910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70246910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70246910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70246910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109512.036107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109512.036107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       162581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162581                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109760.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109760.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109760.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109760.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              542.509978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750172979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1354102.850181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.774112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.735866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.025279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         140782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        140782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6234772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6234772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6234772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6234772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6234772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6234772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       140816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       140816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183375.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183375.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183375.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183375.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183375.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183375.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5070218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5070218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5070218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5070218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5070218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5070218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187785.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187785.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187785.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187785.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              171131336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             189934.890122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   155.143310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   100.856690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.606029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.393971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       201458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         242335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        242335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    246276952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246276952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1429994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1429994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247706946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247706946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247706946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247706946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       203674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111135.808664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111135.808664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95332.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95332.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111029.558942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111029.558942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111029.558942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111029.558942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68942501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68942501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       261036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       261036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69203537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69203537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69203537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69203537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107387.073209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107387.073209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        87012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107292.305426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107292.305426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107292.305426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107292.305426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              514.944368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              849095608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1645534.124031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.944368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.039975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       135160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       135160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         135160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       135160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        135160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5170456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5170456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5170456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5170456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5170456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5170456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       135194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       135194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       135194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       135194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       135194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152072.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152072.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152072.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152072.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152072.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152072.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4264172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4264172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4264172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4264172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4264172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4264172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164006.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164006.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164006.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164006.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164006.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164006.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              141325240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             91413.479948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   201.667713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    54.332287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.787765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.212235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       185335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         185335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       185335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        185335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    387599275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    387599275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    114773661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114773661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    502372936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    502372936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    502372936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    502372936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       105463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       188869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       188869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 134629.828065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134629.828065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 175226.963359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175226.963359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142154.198076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142154.198076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142154.198076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142154.198076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    145545332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145545332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13544102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13544102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159089434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159089434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159089434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159089434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120784.507884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120784.507884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159342.376471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159342.376471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123325.142636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123325.142636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123325.142636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123325.142636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.153787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844471524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1678869.829026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.153787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.025887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         140752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       140752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        140752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5295683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5295683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5295683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5295683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5295683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5295683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       140786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       140786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       140786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155755.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155755.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155755.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155755.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155755.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155755.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4546962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4546962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4546962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4546962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4546962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4546962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162391.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162391.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162391.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162391.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162391.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162391.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127661255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169536.859230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   154.539416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   101.460584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.603670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.396330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       175155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         175155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       175155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        175155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    196735644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196735644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1268363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    198004007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    198004007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    198004007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    198004007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       176731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       176731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126031.802691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126031.802691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84557.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84557.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125637.060279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125637.060279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125637.060279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125637.060279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52964815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52964815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       209910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53174725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53174725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53174725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53174725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107216.224696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107216.224696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        69970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106991.398390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106991.398390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106991.398390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106991.398390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              514.903774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849095304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645533.534884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.903774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         134856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       134856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        134856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5553903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5553903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5553903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5553903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5553903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5553903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       134890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       134890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       134890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163350.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163350.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163350.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163350.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163350.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163350.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4337817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4337817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4337817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166839.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166839.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166839.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166839.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166839.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166839.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141325111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             91236.353131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.408396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.591604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.790658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.209342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       102606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         185205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        185205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    395883768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395883768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    110205059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    110205059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    506088827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    506088827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    506088827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    506088827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       105509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       188753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       188753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007748                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 136370.571133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136370.571133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 170860.556589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170860.556589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 142640.593856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142640.593856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 142640.593856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142640.593856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147111347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147111347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13157520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13157520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160268867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160268867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160268867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160268867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121780.916391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121780.916391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154794.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154794.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123951.173241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123951.173241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123951.173241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123951.173241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.181109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1356551.289331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.443606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.737503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5264226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5264226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5264226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5264226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5264226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5264226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169813.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169813.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169813.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169813.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169813.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169813.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4556453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4556453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4556453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175248.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175248.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175248.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175248.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175248.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175248.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             190781.583055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   154.683209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   101.316791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.604231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.395769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    245022966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245022966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1425719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1425719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    246448685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246448685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    246448685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246448685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112087.358646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112087.358646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95047.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95047.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111971.233530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111971.233530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111971.233530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111971.233530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69924213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69924213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       327128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       327128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70251341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70251341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70251341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70251341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109599.079937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109599.079937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109042.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109042.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109596.475819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109596.475819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109596.475819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109596.475819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.817455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              845324277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1704282.816532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.817455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         139249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       139249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        139249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2681845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2681845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2681845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2681845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2681845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2681845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       139267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       139267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       139267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148991.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148991.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148991.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148991.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148991.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148991.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163475.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163475.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163475.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163475.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163475.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163475.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              132975006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             152844.834483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   176.499902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    79.500098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.689453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.310547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        95619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       176386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         176386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       176386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        176386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    270840043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    270840043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10637541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10637541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    281477584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    281477584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    281477584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    281477584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        80868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       178541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       178541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131859.806719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131859.806719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105322.188119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105322.188119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130616.048260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130616.048260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130616.048260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130616.048260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         6458                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         6458                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66268345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       146225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       146225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66414570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66414570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66414570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66414570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108104.967374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108104.967374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       146225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       146225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108167.052117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108167.052117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108167.052117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108167.052117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.236685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1356551.235081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.499916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.736768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.024840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5973178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5973178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5973178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5973178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5973178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5973178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175681.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175681.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175681.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175681.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175681.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175681.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5027848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5027848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5027848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5027848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5027848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5027848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 193378.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193378.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 193378.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193378.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 193378.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193378.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171130936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             191207.749721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   154.247664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   101.752336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.602530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.397470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       241934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         241934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       241934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        241934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245084156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245084156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1882753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1882753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    246966909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246966909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    246966909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246966909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112166.661785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112166.661785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125516.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125516.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112257.685909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112257.685909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112257.685909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112257.685909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     69700407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69700407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       402483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70102890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70102890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70102890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70102890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109591.834906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109591.834906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       134161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       134161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109707.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109707.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109707.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109707.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.671887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868085205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1512343.562718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.630509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.041378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         137247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        137247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7434527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7434527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7434527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7434527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7434527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7434527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       137287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       137287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185863.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185863.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185863.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185863.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 185863.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185863.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5924791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5924791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 191122.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191122.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 191122.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191122.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 191122.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191122.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332279126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             275065.501656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   106.614436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   149.385564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.416463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.583537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       351456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       191627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       543083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         543083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       543083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        543083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    417118158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417118158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1211010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1211010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    418329168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    418329168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    418329168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    418329168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       354808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       191637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       546445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       546445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124438.591289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124438.591289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       121101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       121101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124428.663891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124428.663891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124428.663891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124428.663891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110775904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110775904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       338178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    111114082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111114082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    111114082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111114082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116729.087460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116729.087460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       112726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116716.472689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116716.472689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116716.472689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116716.472689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.285513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750172934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1356551.417722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.549562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.735951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.024919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         140737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        140737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5982306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5982306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5982306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5982306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5982306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5982306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       140769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       140769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186947.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186947.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186947.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186947.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186947.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186947.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5076670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5076670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5076670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5076670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5076670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5076670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195256.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195256.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195256.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195256.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195256.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195256.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             190781.908584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   155.136643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   100.863357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.606003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.393997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    245055361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245055361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2377768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2377768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    247433129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247433129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    247433129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247433129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       244571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112102.177951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112102.177951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 158517.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158517.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112418.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112418.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112418.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112418.504771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68676481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68676481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       336017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       336017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69012498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69012498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69012498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69012498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107643.387147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107643.387147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112005.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112005.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107663.803432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107663.803432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107663.803432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107663.803432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              570.705075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              868085089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1514982.703316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.663598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   542.041477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         137131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        137131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7102243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7102243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7102243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7102243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7102243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7102243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       137175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       137175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161414.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161414.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161414.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161414.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161414.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161414.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5390909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5390909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5390909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179696.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179696.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179696.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179696.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179696.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179696.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              332276726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             274836.001654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   106.547940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   149.452060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.416203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.583797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       349897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       190782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       540679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         540679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       540679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        540679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    418601335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    418601335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       911332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       911332                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    419512667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419512667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    419512667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419512667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       353209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       190792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       544001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       544001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126389.291969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126389.291969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91133.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91133.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126283.162854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126283.162854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 126283.162854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126283.162854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112473147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112473147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       263350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       263350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112736497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112736497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112736497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112736497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118392.786316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118392.786316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87783.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87783.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118296.429171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118296.429171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118296.429171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118296.429171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
