
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.094009                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 94009317336                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606618520224                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 321016                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   407405                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1789763                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52526.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16861713232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21399406810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3718912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1233024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2252032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3689088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3689984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2264448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1311488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3308672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3346304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2297344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2292736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1649664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3722624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1642752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1587072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1632384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39717888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9459072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9459072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        28821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        29083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                310296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           73899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                73899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        55824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39558973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13115977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23955413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39241727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39251258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24087485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        51740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13950617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        53101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35195150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        53101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35595450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24437408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        46293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24388391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        57186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17547878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39598458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17474353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        59909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16882071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17364066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               422488846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        55824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        51740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        53101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        53101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        46293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        57186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        59909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             844172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100618452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100618452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100618452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        55824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39558973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13115977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23955413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        53101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39241727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        53101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39251258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24087485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        51740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13950617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        53101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35195150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        53101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35595450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24437408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        46293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24388391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        57186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17547878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        53101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39598458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        57186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17474353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        59909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16882071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        57186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17364066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              523107298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17539459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15826463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6578417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6273680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185925137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110334335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17539459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7243676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21819020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2887418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4446225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10672732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214134784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192315764     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         778797      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593715      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667986      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630356      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3226719      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         626881      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1308242      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9986324      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214134784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184879185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5503651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21739406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1943910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129373311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1943910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185068416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3960556                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       953098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21631693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       577105                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129304869                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           94                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       209609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3828                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151808078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609042310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609042310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17085218                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1459502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30514076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15438441                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139888                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       746216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129057533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124120729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9900887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23689975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          474                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214134784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170054297     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13183332      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10839555      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4679562      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937901      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753441      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267980      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256816      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161900      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214134784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314476     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449324     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71138      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77858782     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084466      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29765970     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404079     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124120729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834938                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465275815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138977009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123063048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126955667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1166039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          482                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93104                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1943910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3635210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129073054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30514076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15438441                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1079121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123253632                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29665820                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  67                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45068549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16147625                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402729                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123066931                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123063048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66459151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130918880                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11569274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       940230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212190874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169593487     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15532062      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7291344      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213763      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959522      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8390765      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627194      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456643      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126094      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212190874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1126094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340150124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260115392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4078810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11307225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.254420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.254420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609351183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142906642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154080761                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20433182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17012410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1857372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7746783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7466555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2199761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86090                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177767357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112102810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20433182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9666316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23364750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5172430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6000671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11039989                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1775472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    210430999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      187066249     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1433307      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1799027      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2875899      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1209489      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1548412      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1808115      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         828990      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11861511      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    210430999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090636                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176721695                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7147197                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23253425                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        10989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3297685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3110588                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          536                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    137040384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3297685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      176900755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        573760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6073725                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23085248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       499819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136196585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        72181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       348485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    190215623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    633350637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    633350637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    159162147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       31053476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1754673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12757537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6669896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1515221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        132976380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       127580980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       130325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16120990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32831367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1236                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210430999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156375749     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24653364     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10077353      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5651830      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7650745      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2360451      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2316927      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246017      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98563      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210430999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879815     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120415     10.81%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113725     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107478097     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743712      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15784      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11693978      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6649409      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    127580980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1113955                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466837239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149131062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124257654                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    128694935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2412842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3297685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        436735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133009468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12757537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6669896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          613                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1100309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1045001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2145310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125359211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11500901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2221769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18149680                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17727021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6648779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.556060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            124258109                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           124257654                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74446148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200013577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.551173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92597327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    114101268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18908735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31845                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1873221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207133314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158839955     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24476247     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8887599      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425673      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4047324      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1699025      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1684882      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801781      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270828      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207133314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     92597327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    114101268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16918376                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10344695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15886                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16538398                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       102728611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2356211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2270828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          337871839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         269317709                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2697095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              15011010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          92597327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           114101268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     92597327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.434649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.434649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      564054465                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     173631420                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     126733004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17120629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15286394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1359365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11377213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11170415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180858368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             97248731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17120629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12196862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21682075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4469848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2751739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10938900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1334241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    208395015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186712940     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3304751      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1670397      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3271642      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1048773      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3021918      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         476861      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         772170      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8115563      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    208395015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      178575496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5075907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21639393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        17385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3086830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1617894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16004                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    108784324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        30278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3086830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      178829541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3092468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1206897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21406011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       773264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    108626893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        84058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       624591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    142362566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    492319565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    492319565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    115457422                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26905128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1659095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     19589006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3185538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       727112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        108068677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14627                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       101198209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65188                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19496007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39914063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208395015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163990739     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14036210      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14815776      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8625616      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4438851      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111874      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318954      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30859      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26136      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208395015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169475     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69556     23.48%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57185     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79354336     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793205      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17884968     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3158498      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    101198209                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448888                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296216                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411152837                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127579570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98636843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    101494425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79440                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3986405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3086830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2076313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108083381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19589006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3185538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36688                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916669                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       524787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1441456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99921647                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17632725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20791088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15190146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3158363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443225                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             98658928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            98636843                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        59683780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       129979605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78565424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     88452059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19635794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1350808                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205308185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172377294     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12936328      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312171      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618734      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4341575      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847254      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537306      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491403      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2846120      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205308185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     78565424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     88452059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18709625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            15602597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         13571597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        77299636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1106187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2846120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          310549632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         219265017                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4018684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17046994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          78565424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            88452059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     78565424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.869481                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.869481                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348495                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348495                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      464467717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     128512069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     115543946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14508                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17542340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15829279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6657529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6274465                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185988427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110359535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17542340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7244578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21823522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2884731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4440898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10674773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923704                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    214195621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      192372099     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         779960      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1593499      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         667802      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3629291      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3227089      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         626676      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1308352      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9990853      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    214195621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489525                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      184942450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5498179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21744050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        68646                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1942290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1539765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129407626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2688                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1942290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185130598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3959359                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       951431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21637819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       574118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129341042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       244427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       208633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3233                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    151849140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    609219488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    609219488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    134782672                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17066464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15012                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1451050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30523620                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15442605                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       746151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129091330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15057                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124159332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9897055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23680725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214195621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170099416     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13188581      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10843118      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4682539      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5938985      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5757172      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267044      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257294      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161472      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214195621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314439     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2450112     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70948      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77880637     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084760      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7436      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29777208     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15409291     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124159332                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550737                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2835499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465414614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139006606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123100223                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    126994831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222571                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165340                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          499                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11011                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1942290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3633850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129106464                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30523620                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15442605                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1078241                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123290564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29674977                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       868768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45083129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16153081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15408152                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546884                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123104166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123100223                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66476253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       130957186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.546039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100041581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117565723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11553332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14987                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       939164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212253331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169638769     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15537981      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7295531      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213795      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961265      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8395515      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627146      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456848      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126481      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212253331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100041581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117565723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44709100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29358279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15525362                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104544103                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1138814                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1126481                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          340245606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         260180594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4077798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              11246388                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100041581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117565723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100041581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.253483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.253483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443757                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443757                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      609532316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     142946665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154120220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17525645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15813679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6598463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6280231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41122                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185947696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110230368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17525645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7250868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21808499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2883209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4416426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10675615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    214110108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      192301609     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         780966      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1594162      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         669108      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3628306      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3229484      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         630811      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1304188      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9971474      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    214110108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      184909260                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5466434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21728510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1936998                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1538120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    129261099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1936998                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      185096551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3929437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       950934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21623138                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       573044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    129192078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       244596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       206968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4916                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    151673646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    608520735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    608520735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    134659255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       17014391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1446753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     30503913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15431391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       745745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        128945057                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15486                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       124062608                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64097                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9834820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23410660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          510                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214110108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170025733     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13203721      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10841022      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4676702      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5931265      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5749432      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3262597      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       258153      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161483      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214110108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314297     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2447740     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71013      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77820779     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082130      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7429      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29755590     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15396680     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    124062608                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833050                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465132471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138798519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123006738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    126895658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1170303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          501                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1936998                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3603147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       162944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128960617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30503913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15431391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       540167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1080386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123196665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29654712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           45049916                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16140010                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15395204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123010647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123006738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66431427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       130853776                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99952297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117460273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11513010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       942935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212173110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169590986     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15528691      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290821      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7206950      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960964      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8387410      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626683      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456754      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1123851      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212173110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     99952297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117460273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             44671437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            29333610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15511320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104450169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1137666                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1123851                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          340022243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         259883774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4080435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              11331901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          99952297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117460273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     99952297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.255496                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.255496                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443361                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443361                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      609096261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     142839474                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     153959385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18318287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15023837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795966                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7745694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7176849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175073400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            104052424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18318287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9058246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22906909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5067721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5792687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10780607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    207016787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      184109878     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2479567      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2878335      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1582463      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1835543      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1006256      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         677559      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1767450      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10679736      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    207016787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081255                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      173675306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7217709                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22726746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       170087                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3226936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2970781                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16856                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127026197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        83768                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3226936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      173941461                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2525617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3939798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22641665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       741307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    126947783                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       194000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       345380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    176449772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    591101303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    591101303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    150996390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25453382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1989647                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12121131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6604152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1456386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        126765569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       119918846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       161785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15612950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35982713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4040                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207016787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156462367     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20351633      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10929690      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7552458      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6603987      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3383887      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809715      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527614      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395436      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207016787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31591     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109666     42.55%     54.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116471     45.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100385385     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874868      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14704      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11086386      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6557503      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    119918846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257728                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447273992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142413353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117947765                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120176574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          724                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       130756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7354                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3226936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2092911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       128957                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126799371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12121131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6604152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2048529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118161093                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10416032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1757753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16972031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16542799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6555999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524131                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            117949642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           117947765                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70117455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       183587254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381930                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88669479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    108785822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18014756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29657                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1806342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203789851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159350327     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20607754     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8631623      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5191220      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596776      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2323130      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202087      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969586      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917348      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203789851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88669479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    108785822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16478337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10004941                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             14796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15568807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98074998                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2213207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1917348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          328672483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         256828158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2678226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18425222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88669479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           108785822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88669479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.542498                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.542498                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      533064515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163714504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118566680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        29630                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20419897                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16997950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1852894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7790375                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7468261                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2197323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177681574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112036505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20419897                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9665584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23348867                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5153616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6080973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11030846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771074                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    210395302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      187046435     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1433064      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1796134      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2873710      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1209584      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1551019      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1808536      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         830096      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11846724      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    210395302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176637721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      7225424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23237857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        10924                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3283368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3111699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          520                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136934792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3283368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176816458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        573064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6153711                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23070143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       498551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136091516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        71856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       348025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    190064207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    632856658                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    632856658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    159137480                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30926723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17343                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1750667                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12727792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6670395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1512898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        132870443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127520264                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16035870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32586039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210395302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156359643     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24646282     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10078778      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5644813      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7648612      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2357784      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2315197      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246107      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98086      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210395302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878341     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118674     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113649     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107423450     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743346      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11687785      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6649901      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127520264                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1110664                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466674744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148940170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124204705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128630928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2384748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          611                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3283368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        436171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55141                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132903696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12727792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6670395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        48139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          611                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1040189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2138126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125303527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11497096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2216737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18146161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17721795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6649065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            124205283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           124204705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74401485                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       199847791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92582913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    114083455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18820740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31837                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1868735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207111934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158827560     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24468091     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8885781      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4428262      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4048137      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1701189      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1680963      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800863      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2271088      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207111934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     92582913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    114083455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16915675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10343044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16535824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       102712540                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2355829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2271088                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          337744391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         269091772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2689137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              15046707                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          92582913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           114083455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     92582913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.435028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.435028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      563819119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     173540639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     126666385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18273562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14944852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1784914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7606637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7214046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1880197                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177414341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            103688655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18273562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9094243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21733701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5181668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3082082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10909052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1798878                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    205587687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      183853986     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1179861      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1863358      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2965817      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1226669      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1372158      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1462470      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         954123      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10709245      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    205587687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      175780455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      4728776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21666141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        55193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3357119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2995663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    126622206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2858                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3357119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      176051843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1520738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2425442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21455085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       777457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    126550161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        23276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       217208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       293670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        37914                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    175698746                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    588697818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    588697818                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    150044514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25654193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        32309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17798                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2338024                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12058639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6480660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1476171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        126373070                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       119636235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16006280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35519736                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205587687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155145390     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20245153      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11069543      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7548711      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7058161      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2028794      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584666      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536899      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370370      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205587687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27926     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86299     38.68%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108885     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100224996     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1891286      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14507      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11055757      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6449689      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    119636235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445230444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142413038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117711092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    119859345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359823                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2155719                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          310                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1327                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7473                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3357119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1020593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126405587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12058639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6480660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1327                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044356                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2061345                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117931892                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10397856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16845999                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16593321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6448143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            117711999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           117711092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        68826533                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       179816164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522135                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88136960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    108032493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18373271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29259                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1822774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202230568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158371394     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21240750     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8269550      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4455562      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335729      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1863915      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1148791      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028296      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516581      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202230568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     88136960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    108032493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16198137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             9902920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             14598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15507748                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        97345033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2194552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2516581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          326119166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         256168861                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2863130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19854322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          88136960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           108032493                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     88136960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.557860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.557860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390952                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390952                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      531820141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163171578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118098897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        29232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18284348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14953265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1781435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7539776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7208924                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177348823                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            103781217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18284348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9088624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21744802                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5185857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3088797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10904512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1795800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    205547748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      183802946     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1180480      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1861832      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2965645      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1226661      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1368653      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1464970      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         954624      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10721937      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    205547748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      175715247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      4735111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21677023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        55480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3364884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2998292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          444                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    126722371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2840                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3364884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      175987180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1518289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2429926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21465922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       781544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    126650791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        23005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       217046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       294602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40887                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    175829882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    589184655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    589184655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    150057089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25772736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        32021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17509                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2339539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12060865                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6484044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1476836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126472394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       119669680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16094594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35855786                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2855                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205547748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155103984     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20238290      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11064003      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7553408      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7066723      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2029197      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1585175      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536511      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370457      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205547748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27937     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86553     38.75%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108846     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100250380     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1894290      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14508      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11057414      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453088      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    119669680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530822                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223336                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445257860                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142600387                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117748701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    119893016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361103                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2157118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          287                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1312                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188299                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7466                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3364884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126504625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12060865                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6484044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17499                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1312                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1017776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2057613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117970617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10399779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1699061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16851327                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16595726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6451548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523286                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            117749621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           117748701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        68846278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       179888208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88144244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    108041541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18463261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29258                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1819214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202182864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158321296     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21243201     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8267585      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4456616      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3336350      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862770      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149142      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028012      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517892      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202182864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88144244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    108041541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16199487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             9903743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15509077                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        97353166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2194743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2517892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          326169189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         256374707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2860763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19894261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88144244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           108041541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88144244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      531987696                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     163218328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118195504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        29230                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17119796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15280104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1360124                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11343648                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11161423                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40792                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180793295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             97229238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17119796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12187901                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21665482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4472800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2753930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10935272                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1335164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    208317745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      186652263     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3301303      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1662911      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3262122      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1048681      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3020293      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         477818      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         778608      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8113746      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    208317745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431283                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      178502552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5085806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21623147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        17258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3088978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1623140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16033                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    108765822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        30495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3088978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      178757278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3098976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21389464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       774273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    108609554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        84459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       625485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    142328330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    492213784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    492213784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    115398790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26929540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7379                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1661210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     19576089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3184830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       725209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        108046004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14629                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       101175668                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19519473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39911172                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208317745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163927651     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14037548      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14797265      7.10%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8625691      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4440163      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113699      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318858      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30738      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26132      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208317745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169069     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69566     23.51%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57220     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79342482     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793007      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7200      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17875000     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3157979      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    101175668                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295855                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411029650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127580368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98612606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    101471523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3984564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3088978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2079009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95562                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108060714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19576089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3184830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36438                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2096                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1443397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99896437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17622071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1279231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20779877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15185387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3157806                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.443114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             98635009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            98612606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        59660659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       129961096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437419                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78521096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     88404994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19660191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1351548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205228767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172313324     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12930040      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8307404      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618917      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339897      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847841      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537395      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491360      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842589      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205228767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     78521096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     88404994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18697680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            15591525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         13564112                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        77259378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1105877                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2842589                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          310451077                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         219221799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4016566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17124264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          78521096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            88404994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     78521096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.871101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.871101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      464338191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     128483895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     115514710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17109426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15272442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1362539                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11436403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11171326                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1028079                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180802498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             97139073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17109426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12199405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21656242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4466572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2755180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10936651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1337349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    208310332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      186654090     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3300340      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1661815      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3265290      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1050070      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3027026      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         477676      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         774677      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8099348      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    208310332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      178499225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5099810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21613702                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3080360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1619934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16011                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    108667165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        30419                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3080360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      178755416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3106311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1212513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21378800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       776928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    108508827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        83910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       628523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    142198076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    491747299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    491747299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    115371630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26826446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1663505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19569868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3178330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20533                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       721495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        107944698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       101103390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19435268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39778415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208310332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163933895     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14045041      6.74%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14798765      7.10%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8611220      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4435749      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111402      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318158      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30611      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25491      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208310332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169032     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69570     23.52%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57197     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79280691     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792527      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7198      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17872064     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3150910      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    101103390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295799                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410877905                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127394853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98543811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    101399189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3980877                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3080360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2078425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        96228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107959406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19569868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3178330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2084                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       922011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       522199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1444210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99825200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17614687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20765428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15178101                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3150741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             98566806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            98543811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        59624727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       129843073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459206                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78504231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     88384906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19578988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1353978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205229972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172319556     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12930862      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8307589      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2615084      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4338537      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847510      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536682      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491392      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842760      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205229972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     78504231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     88384906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18694153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15588991                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7242                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13561126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        77241481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1105514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2842760                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          310350820                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         219010576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4019147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17131677                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          78504231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            88384906                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     78504231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.871718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.871718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      464009866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     128399482                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     115412940                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18591568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15210894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1812237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7643242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7312986                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82420                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178990187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            103988325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18591568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9233691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21694761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4947674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4240581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10947871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1814076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    208037346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      186342585     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1003663      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1599501      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2176551      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2237729      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1894125      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1069197      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1580746      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10133249      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    208037346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      177170712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6075292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21656236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        23646                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3111457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3061534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    127605186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3111457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      177652276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1249176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3712702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21204543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1107189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    127566566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       150280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       483187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    177992489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    593465134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    593465134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    154354649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       23637829                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        31635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16460                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3296351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     11930683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6473282                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        127428140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       121024580                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14066425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33683005                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208037346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156746130     75.35%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21160744     10.17%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10683262      5.14%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8015578      3.85%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6318101      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563491      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600547      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838507      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110986      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208037346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23327     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74194     36.97%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103191     51.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101787730     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1809139      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15171      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10959611      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6452929      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    121024580                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536832                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450303740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141526805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119225559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    121225292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1903459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          496                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3111457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        998903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107551                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127460017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11930683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6473282                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16464                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90878                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          496                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1054392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2074262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119367213                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10313259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16765941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16958883                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6452682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            119225775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           119225559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68424938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       184401791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89978442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    110717129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16742914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1835162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204925889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159434362     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22585469     11.02%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8494930      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4053501      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3463953      1.69%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959371      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1685030      0.82%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775734      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2473539      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204925889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     89978442                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    110717129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16406116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10027215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15266                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15965477                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        99754860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2279894                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2473539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          329911769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         258031607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2708518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17404663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          89978442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           110717129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     89978442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.505511                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.505511                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      537232550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     166066892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118295303                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17522571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15811609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6951746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6279900                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41014                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185930788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            110219592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17522571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7249440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21803650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2885504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4417037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10674944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    214090956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      192287306     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         779565      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1593075      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         668935      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3628613      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3226931      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         632087      0.30%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1304864      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9969580      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    214090956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.488904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      184887750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5471508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21723831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        68868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1938993                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1537520                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    129243818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1938993                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      185074850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3932458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       951162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21618393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       575094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    129176479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       244847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       207865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    151659910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    608446100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    608446100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    134627245                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       17032665                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7568                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1449506                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     30495013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15427599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       744895                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        128927599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15045                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       124036761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64700                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9843660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23459905                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214090956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170014186     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13201363      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10839659      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4677619      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5928793      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5747719      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3263099      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257282      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161236      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214090956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313461     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2447263     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71063      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77806101     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082409      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7427      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29747680     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15393144     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    124036761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2831787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465060965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138789468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122978973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    126868548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1169004                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          508                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10998                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1938993                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       3604918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128942721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30495013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15427599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1081541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123169114                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29646540                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           45038174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16136985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15391634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            122982871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           122978973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        66414014                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       130820694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545502                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99927883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    117431739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11523603                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       943223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212151963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169580529     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15523542      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290675      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7205087      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959987      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8385306      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626539      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456510      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1123788      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212151963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99927883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    117431739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             44659881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            29326009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15507607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       104424827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1137431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1123788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          339983218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         259849868                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4080507                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              11351053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99927883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           117431739                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99927883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.256047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.256047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      608951071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     142811951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     153936909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18597989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15218390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1812158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7691053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7323712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1921113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178982345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104007236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18597989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9244825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21712091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4945946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4238016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10948115                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1814230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    208042613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186330522     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1012913      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1610809      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2176889      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2237522      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1895111      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1068295      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1570141      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10140411      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    208042613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      177161765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6073936                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21673659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        23450                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3109800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3060394                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127618897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1940                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3109800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      177649105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1252512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3707741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21215957                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1107495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    127574535                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       149866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       483640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    178004593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    593519036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    593519036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    154378780                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       23625813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        31618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16442                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3296624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     11935598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6472575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1550585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127419187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       121009738                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14070018                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33701612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208042613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156828490     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21070309     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10658790      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8042450      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6328753      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2564131      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599696      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839296      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110698      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208042613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23440     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74089     36.93%     48.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103069     51.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101771448     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808811      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15174      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10961985      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6452320      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    121009738                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536767                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200598                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450279280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141521429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119208974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    121210336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1906804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3109800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1001611                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107678                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127451049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11935598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6472575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16444                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          495                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053922                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020206                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2074128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119354037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10316787                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16768859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16958714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6452072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            119209210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           119208974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68433303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       184398917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89992611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    110734492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16716601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1835093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204932813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159503592     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22521948     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8501296      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4055711      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3421168      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958976      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1711533      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774643      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2483946      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204932813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     89992611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    110734492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16408728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10028794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15967936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        99770553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2280253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2483946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          329899336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         258012038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2708939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17399396                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          89992611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           110734492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     89992611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.505117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.505117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.399183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.399183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      537191183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     166055099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118313413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18589581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15209668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1817541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7724884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7321768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920796                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82609                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179080371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103932672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18589581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9242564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21695143                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4948891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4221868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10956171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    208105130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      186409987     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1006851      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1600930      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2178294      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2239415      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1895611      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1068505      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1580257      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10125280      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    208105130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      177261344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6056105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21656924                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        23388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3107366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3060613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127559141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3107366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      177743993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1237874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3705810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21204025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1106059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    127518394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       149426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       483081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    177915736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    593231414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    593231414                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    154345214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       23570472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        31762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16587                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3288575                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     11944107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6469461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1542862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        127378259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31879                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       121008519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14036367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33521153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1278                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208105130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156894311     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21065998     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10661020      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8039620      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6328513      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2568460      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1596239      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839917      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111052      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208105130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23412     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75269     37.28%     48.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103202     51.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101777642     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1805479      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10961217      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6449011      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    121008519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            201883                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450340568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141446996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119199616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    121210402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1917524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90963                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3107366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        988736                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127410268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11944107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6469461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          495                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1055766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022986                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2078752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119343236                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10313292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1665282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16762058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16958032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6448766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            119199850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           119199616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68423753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       184405010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528737                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89972944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    110710281                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16699994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1840468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204997764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159579104     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22517115     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8499940      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050647      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3423524      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1957097      0.95%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1713199      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774534      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2482604      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204997764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     89972944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    110710281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16405078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10026580                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15266                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15964465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        99748696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2279744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2482604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          329924811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         257928003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2712938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              17336879                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          89972944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           110710281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     89972944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.505664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.505664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.399096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.399096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      537124115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     166039697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118233966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225442009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18602992                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15222035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811853                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7702223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7324402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1922238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178996713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104032921                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18602992                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9246640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21714846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4949412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4236982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10948736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1814111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    208062468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186347622     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1013540      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1608921      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2175238      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2237225      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1895620      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1069787      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1573426      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10141089      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    208062468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      177176002                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6072951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21676466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        23482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3113564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3061798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127650165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3113564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      177663764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1246952                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3713284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21218435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1106466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127605449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       149268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       483388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    178043002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    593670189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    593670189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154378880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       23664117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        31571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3293101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     11939520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6473317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1552473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        127447867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       121018802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14106275                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33809812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1072                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208062468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156845110     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21070438     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10658696      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8047943      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6325573      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2565619      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598068      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839820      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111201      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208062468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23455     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73981     36.89%     48.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103135     51.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101774520     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1809301      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15174      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10966529      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6453278      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    121018802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536807                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450317252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141586320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119215836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    121219373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       245928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1910720                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          502                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3113564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        997143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127479677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11939520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6473317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          502                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2073010                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119361827                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10318234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16771260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16958136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6453026                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            119216051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           119215836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68438704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       184408209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89992662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    110734549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16745156                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1834784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204948904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159519194     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22522363     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8500104      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4055975      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3422734      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959817      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709861      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775982      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2482874      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204948904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89992662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    110734549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16408731                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10028797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15967947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        99770600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2280253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2482874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          329945111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         258073032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2708096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17379541                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89992662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           110734549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89992662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.505115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.505115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      537230332                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     166063319                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118340544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         310422                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.839780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1881529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         343182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.482598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           211.300428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.239953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2536.446384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.880342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   971.105408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.972741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1555.533349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.688711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2520.608000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.839384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2501.224858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.712988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1589.186433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.037973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   968.989225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.898662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2061.313006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.069213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2100.468564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.265339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1553.217647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.780108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1555.774371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.916744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1174.207691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.958950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2515.648253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.835062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1178.136271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.272710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1140.508286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.985000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1184.098076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           365.256446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           280.873399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           346.250819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           379.136161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           397.407142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           349.233549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           249.439720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           404.120174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           366.127500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           327.503094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           323.696934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           292.543478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           383.429810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           293.556911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           337.414505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           299.730011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.077406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.047471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.076923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.076331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.029571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.062906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.064101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.047400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.035834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.076771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.035954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.034806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.007612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        43258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        37949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  514364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           146746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                146746                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        43327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   516109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        43327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        43136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23687                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  516109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                310277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 310296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                310296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6501778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4662887474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1551114274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5517789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2816473789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5974738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4632165762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5836910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4622512618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5259795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2863556995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5884150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1651371100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5976974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4169111477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5861028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4213971256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5355044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2869410691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5066470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864250614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6635273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2066341365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5930131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4664023813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6552153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2059226813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6814495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1986164860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6540187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2046371729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49834060382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       170034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       161702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1341264                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       432290                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       847074                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2952364                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6501778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4663057508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1551114274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5517789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2816473789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5974738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4632327464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5836910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4622512618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5259795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2864898259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5884150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1651371100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5976974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4169111477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5861028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4213971256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5355044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2869842981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5066470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864250614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6635273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2066341365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5930131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4664870887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6552153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2059226813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6814495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1986164860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6540187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2046371729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49837012746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6501778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4663057508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1551114274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5517789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2816473789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5974738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4632327464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5836910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4622512618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5259795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2864898259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5884150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1651371100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5976974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4169111477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5861028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4213971256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5355044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2869842981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5066470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864250614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6635273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2066341365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5930131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4664870887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6552153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2059226813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6814495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1986164860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6540187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2046371729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49837012746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              824641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       146746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            146746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               826405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        32788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              826405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.061224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.010771                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.375477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.375477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158579.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160495.903143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161020.894218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153271.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160081.493066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153198.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160727.472658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149664.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160348.016442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150279.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161947.573521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154846.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161172.272106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153255.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161287.147549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150282.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161189.276518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153001.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159900.289273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149013.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159906.800692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157982.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160330.645950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160396.994738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156003.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160450.897070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154874.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160187.503831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155718.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160461.987689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160611.519326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       170034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       161702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149029.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144096.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 169414.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155387.578947                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158579.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160496.231431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161020.894218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153271.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160081.493066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153198.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160727.506471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149664.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160348.016442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150279.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161941.001583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154846.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161172.272106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153255.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161287.147549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150282.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161189.276518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153001.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159897.647704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149013.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159906.800692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157982.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160330.645950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160398.545095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156003.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160450.897070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154874.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160187.503831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155718.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160461.987689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160611.199455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158579.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160496.231431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 161020.894218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153271.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160081.493066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153198.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160727.506471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149664.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160348.016442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150279.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161941.001583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154846.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161172.272106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153255.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161287.147549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150282.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161189.276518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153001.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159897.647704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149013.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159906.800692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157982.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160330.645950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160398.545095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156003.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160450.897070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154874.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160187.503831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155718.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160461.987689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160611.199455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                73899                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     73899                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           310277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            310296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        25849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           310296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4116211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2971782283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    990162706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3424414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1791631705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3708045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2954610359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3570909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2944523996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3220582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1833757328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3672227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1054743568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2663927295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3588472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2691614761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3316199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1824135623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3086964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1820870526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1315891972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3662385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2971527389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4107260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1311891069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4261690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1264179160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4104196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1303775629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31768067072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       112214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       103457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       816768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       257979                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       555179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1845597                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4116211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2971894497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    990162706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3424414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1791631705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3708045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2954713816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3570909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2944523996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3220582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1834574096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3672227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1054743568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2663927295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3588472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2691614761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3316199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1824393602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3086964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1820870526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1315891972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3662385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2972082568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4107260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1311891069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4261690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1264179160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4104196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1303775629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31769912669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4116211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2971894497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    990162706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3424414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1791631705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3708045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2954713816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3570909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2944523996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3220582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1834574096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3672227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1054743568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3705472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2663927295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3588472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2691614761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3316199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1824393602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3086964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1820870526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1315891972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3662385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2972082568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4107260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1311891069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4261690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1264179160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4104196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1303775629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31769912669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.061224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.375477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.399034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.399529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.364020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100395.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102288.310433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102788.612686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95122.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101831.971411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95078.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102519.443407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91561.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102141.112668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92016.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103707.574256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96637.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102941.983994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95012.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103057.267012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92012.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102957.379069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94748.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101651.469657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90793.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101656.460808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99821.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102102.108318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93907.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102191.601520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97791.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102219.967976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96856.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101958.154690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97718.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102232.857288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102386.148738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       112214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       103457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        90752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        85993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111035.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97136.684211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100395.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102288.652062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102788.612686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95122.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101831.971411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95078.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102519.475938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91561.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102141.112668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92016.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103700.983325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96637.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102941.983994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95012.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103057.267012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92012.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102957.379069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94748.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101648.852351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90793.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101656.460808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99821.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102102.108318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93907.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102193.122030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97791.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102219.967976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96856.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101958.154690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102232.857288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102385.827304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100395.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102288.652062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102788.612686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95122.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101831.971411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95078.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102519.475938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91561.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102141.112668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92016.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103700.983325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96637.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102941.983994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95012.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103057.267012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92012.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102957.379069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94748.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101648.852351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90793.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101656.460808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99821.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102102.108318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93907.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102193.122030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97791.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102219.967976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96856.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101958.154690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102232.857288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102385.827304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              580.831019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010680568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1727659.090598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.801168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.063784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10672678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10672678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10672678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10672678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10672678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10672678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9395402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9395402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9395402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9395402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9395402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9395402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10672732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10672732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10672732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10672732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10672732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10672732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173988.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173988.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173988.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7572181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7572181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7572181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7572181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7572181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7572181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180290.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180290.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180290.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180290.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180290.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180290.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5964.078769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.878327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.121673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30646409181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30646409181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20210209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20210209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30666619390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30666619390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30666619390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30666619390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28250556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28250556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43580707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43580707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119879.711868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119879.711868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87870.473913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87870.473913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119850.939294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119850.939294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119850.939294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119850.939294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7975754861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7975754861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4929556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7980684417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7980684417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7980684417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7980684417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110579.323430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110579.323430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71442.840580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71442.840580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110541.919455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110541.919455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110541.919455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110541.919455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              492.491616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              984623501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1997207.912779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.491616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11039940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11039940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11039940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11039940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11039940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11039940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11039989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11039989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11039989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11039989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11039989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11039989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                32788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              158124168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                33044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4785.261106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.269580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.730420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8807721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8807721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6539625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6539625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15347346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15347346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15347346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15347346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        84012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        85925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        85925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        85925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        85925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8970775047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8970775047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127614662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127614662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9098389709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9098389709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9098389709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9098389709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8891733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8891733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6541538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6541538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15433271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15433271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15433271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15433271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106779.686795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106779.686795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66709.180345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66709.180345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105887.572988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105887.572988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105887.572988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105887.572988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       197594                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 28227.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        51413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        53137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        53137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3186896914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3186896914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14336508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14336508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3201233422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3201233422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3201233422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3201233422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97760.572840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97760.572840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75854.539683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75854.539683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97634.299805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97634.299805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97634.299805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97634.299805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              560.260955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              898754703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1593536.707447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.103169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.157786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10938856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10938856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10938856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10938856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7120086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7120086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7120086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7120086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7120086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7120086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10938900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10938900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10938900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10938900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161820.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161820.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161820.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161820.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161820.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161820.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6079409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6079409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6079409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6079409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164308.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164308.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164308.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164308.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              216621940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4369.403957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.211589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.788411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16104155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16104155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3092069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19196224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19196224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19196224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19196224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19500257947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19500257947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26003103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26003103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19526261050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19526261050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19526261050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19526261050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16276605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16276605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19368972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19368972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19368972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19368972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113077.749765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113077.749765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87258.734899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87258.734899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113033.210515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113033.210515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113033.210515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113033.210515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            5797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5130247405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5130247405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4122239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4122239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5134369644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5134369644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5134369644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5134369644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104148.427800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104148.427800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66487.725806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66487.725806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104101.085623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104101.085623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104101.085623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104101.085623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.564788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010682612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1733589.385935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.520041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.044747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.865456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10674722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10674722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10674722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10674722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10674722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10674722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8900494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8900494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8900494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8900494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8900494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8900494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10674773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10674773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10674773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10674773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10674773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10674773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174519.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174519.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174519.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174519.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174519.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174519.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178086.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178086.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178086.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178086.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178086.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178086.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                72227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432124934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                72483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5961.741843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.878483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.121517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28005332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28005332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15335403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15335403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43340735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43340735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43340735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43340735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       255894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       256124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       256124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30622663341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30622663341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20682177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20682177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30643345518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30643345518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30643345518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30643345518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28261226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28261226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15335633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15335633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43596859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43596859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43596859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43596859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119669.329257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119669.329257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89922.508696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89922.508696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119642.616537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119642.616537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119642.616537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119642.616537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7962195465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7962195465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5124229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5124229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7967319694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7967319694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7967319694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7967319694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110345.433776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110345.433776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73203.271429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73203.271429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110309.436831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110309.436831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110309.436831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110309.436831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.650602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1010683454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1733590.830189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.519771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.130830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10675564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10675564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10675564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10675564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10675564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10675564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9001229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9001229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9001229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9001229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9001229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9001229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10675615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10675615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10675615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10675615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10675615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10675615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176494.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176494.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176494.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176494.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176494.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176494.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7368728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7368728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7368728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7368728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184218.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184218.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184218.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184218.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 184218.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184218.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                72155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              432092471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                72411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5967.221430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.878979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.121021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     27985419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27985419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15322424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15322424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7477                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43307843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       43307843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43307843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      43307843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       255057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       255284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       255284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       255284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       255284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30617993286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30617993286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19949455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19949455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30637942741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30637942741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30637942741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30637942741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     28240476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28240476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15322651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15322651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43563127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43563127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43563127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43563127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120043.728602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120043.728602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87883.061674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87883.061674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120015.131152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.131152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120015.131152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.131152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           13594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       182971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       183129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7951980068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7951980068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4934366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4934366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7956914434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7956914434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7956914434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7956914434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110312.405571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110312.405571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71512.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71512.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110275.302252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110275.302252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110275.302252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110275.302252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.889525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982459903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1896640.739382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.889525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10780562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10780562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10780562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10780562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10780562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10780562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7180909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7180909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7180909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7180909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7180909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7180909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10780607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10780607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10780607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10780607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10780607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10780607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159575.755556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159575.755556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159575.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159575.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159575.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159575.755556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5811739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5811739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5811739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161437.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161437.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161437.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                49170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166466006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                49426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3367.984583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.018580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.981420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7601318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7601318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6437971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14039289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14039289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14039289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14039289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       168903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       172639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       172639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21962274277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21962274277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    472378847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472378847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22434653124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22434653124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22434653124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22434653124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7770221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7770221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6441707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6441707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14815                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14211928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14211928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14211928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14211928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130028.917645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130028.917645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126439.734208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126439.734208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129951.245802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129951.245802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129951.245802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129951.245802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           16508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       119880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       123469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5162091050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5162091050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10565707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10565707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5172656757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5172656757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5172656757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5172656757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105299.370704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105299.370704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71875.557823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71875.557823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105199.445943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105199.445943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105199.445943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105199.445943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              494.360460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              984614354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1989119.907071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.360460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11030793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11030793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11030793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11030793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11030793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11030793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8455990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8455990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8455990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8455990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8455990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8455990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11030846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11030846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11030846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11030846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11030846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11030846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6605744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6605744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6605744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6605744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6605744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6605744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165143.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165143.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165143.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165143.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165143.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165143.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                32681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158119918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                32937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4800.677597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.250352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.749648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8804366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8804366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6538566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6538566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15342932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15342932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15342932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15342932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        83945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        85873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        85873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        85873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        85873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9085624918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9085624918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    129481205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    129481205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9215106123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9215106123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9215106123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9215106123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8888311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8888311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6540494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6540494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15428805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15428805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15428805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15428805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108233.068295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108233.068295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67158.301349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67158.301349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107310.867479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107310.867479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107310.867479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107310.867479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       152298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38074.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        51456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        53192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        53192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3245416604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3245416604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14763460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14763460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3260180064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260180064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3260180064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260180064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99892.782296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99892.782296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 76893.020833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76893.020833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99757.659313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99757.659313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99757.659313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99757.659313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.636777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              987012516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1862287.766038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.636777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10909001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10909001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10909001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10909001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10909001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10909001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7870802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7870802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7870802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7870802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7870802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7870802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10909052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10909052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10909052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10909052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10909052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10909052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154329.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154329.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154329.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6446729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6446729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6446729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161168.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161168.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161168.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161168.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161168.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161168.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                64140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              175171467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                64396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2720.222793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.316381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.683619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7562650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7562650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6264967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6264967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13827617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13827617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13827617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13827617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       162923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       163643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       163643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       163643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       163643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19767209304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19767209304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     62411375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62411375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19829620679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19829620679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19829620679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19829620679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7725573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7725573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6265687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6265687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13991260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13991260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13991260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13991260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121328.537432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121328.537432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86682.465278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86682.465278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121176.100896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121176.100896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121176.100896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121176.100896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7007658834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7007658834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8029950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8029950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7015688784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7015688784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7015688784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7015688784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109458.753128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109458.753128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67478.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67478.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109380.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109380.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109380.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109380.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.877263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              987007977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1862279.201887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.877263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10904462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10904462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10904462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10904462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10904462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10904462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7604842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7604842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7604842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7604842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7604842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7604842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10904512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10904512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10904512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10904512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10904512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10904512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152096.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152096.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152096.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152096.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152096.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152096.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6356010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6356010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6356010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6356010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158900.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158900.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158900.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158900.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158900.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158900.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                64211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              175172761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                64467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2717.246979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.296518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.703482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.915221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.084779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7563710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7563710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6265490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6265490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13829200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13829200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13829200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13829200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       162620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       163343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       163343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       163343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       163343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19770994038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19770994038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62350117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62350117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19833344155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19833344155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19833344155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19833344155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7726330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7726330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6266213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6266213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13992543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13992543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121577.875034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121577.875034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86238.059474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86238.059474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121421.451516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121421.451516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121421.451516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121421.451516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7040172533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7040172533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8000168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8000168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7048172701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7048172701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7048172701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7048172701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109844.793937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109844.793937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67228.302521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67228.302521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109765.814284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109765.814284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109765.814284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109765.814284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.523587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              898751077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1596360.705151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.365791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.157796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10935230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10935230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10935230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10935230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10935230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10935230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6575702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6575702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6575702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6575702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6575702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6575702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10935272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10935272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10935272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10935272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10935272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10935272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156564.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156564.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156564.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156564.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156564.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156564.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5790105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5790105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5790105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5790105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5790105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5790105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160836.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160836.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160836.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160836.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160836.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160836.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                49305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              216611065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                49561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4370.595125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   200.255670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    55.744330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.782249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.217751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16094144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16094144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3091213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3091213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19185357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       19185357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19185357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      19185357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       172758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       172758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19610445393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19610445393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26864955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26864955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19637310348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19637310348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19637310348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19637310348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16266617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16266617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3091498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19358115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19358115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19358115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19358115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113701.538171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113701.538171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        94263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        94263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113669.470288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113669.470288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113669.470288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113669.470288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            5643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       123229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       123453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       123453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5162837045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5162837045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4341061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5167178106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167178106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5167178106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167178106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104841.951202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104841.951202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71164.934426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71164.934426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104800.286097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104800.286097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104800.286097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104800.286097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.661332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              898752457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1599203.660142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.628359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.032972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10936610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10936610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10936610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10936610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10936610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10936610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6442007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6442007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6442007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10936651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10936651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10936651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10936651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10936651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10936651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157122.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157122.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157122.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157122.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157122.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157122.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5566250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5566250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5566250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5566250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5566250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5566250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159035.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159035.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159035.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              216603377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4373.705214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.138836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.861164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.781792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.218208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16087451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16087451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3090215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3090215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19177666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19177666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19177666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19177666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       172528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       172528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19585625646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19585625646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25444916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25444916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19611070562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19611070562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19611070562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19611070562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16259685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16259685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3090509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3090509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19350194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19350194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19350194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19350194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113715.210969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113715.210969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86547.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86547.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113668.914970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113668.914970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113668.914970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113668.914970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5157433554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5157433554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4097140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4097140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5161530694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5161530694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5161530694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5161530694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104813.103158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104813.103158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66082.903226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66082.903226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104764.364171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104764.364171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104764.364171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104764.364171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.947252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              981398182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1890940.620424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.947252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.068826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10947820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10947820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10947820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10947820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10947820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10947820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10223051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10223051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10223051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10223051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10223051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10223051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10947871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10947871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10947871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10947871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10947871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10947871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 200451.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200451.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 200451.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200451.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 200451.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200451.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8771460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8771460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8771460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199351.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199351.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199351.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199351.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199351.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199351.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                36512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160528924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                36768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4365.995540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.743474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.256526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7537210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7537210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6348767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6348767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16343                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16343                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13885977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13885977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13885977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13885977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       116912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       117720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       117720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       117720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       117720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14396089071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14396089071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     70889029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70889029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14466978100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14466978100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14466978100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14466978100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7654122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7654122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6349575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6349575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16343                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14003697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14003697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14003697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14003697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123136.111528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123136.111528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87733.946782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87733.946782                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122893.120116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122893.120116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122893.120116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122893.120116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3775988695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3775988695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9369343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9369343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3785358038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785358038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3785358038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785358038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103807.249347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103807.249347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68389.364964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68389.364964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103674.354678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103674.354678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103674.354678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103674.354678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.076303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1010682782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1733589.677530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.003436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.072867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10674892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10674892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10674892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10674892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10674892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10674892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8932422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8932422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8932422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8932422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8932422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8932422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10674944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10674944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10674944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10674944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10674944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10674944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171777.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171777.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171777.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171777.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171777.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171777.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7160206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7160206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7160206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7160206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7160206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7160206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179005.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179005.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179005.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179005.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179005.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179005.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              432080657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                72475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5961.788989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.879187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.120813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     27978002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27978002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15318466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15318466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     43296468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       43296468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     43296468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      43296468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       255168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       255403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       255403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       255403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       255403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30644694983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30644694983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22494699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22494699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30667189682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30667189682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30667189682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30667189682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     28233170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28233170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15318701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15318701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     43551871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43551871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     43551871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43551871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120096.152272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120096.152272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95722.123404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95722.123404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120073.725375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120073.725375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120073.725375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120073.725375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           13329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       183019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       183184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       183184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7977318031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7977318031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5523946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5523946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7982841977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982841977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7982841977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982841977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110567.270939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110567.270939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78913.514286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78913.514286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110536.589776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110536.589776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110536.589776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110536.589776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.019763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              981398427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1890941.092486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.019763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.068942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10948065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10948065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10948065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10948065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10948065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10948065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10522759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10522759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10522759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10522759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10522759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10522759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10948115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10948115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10948115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10948115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10948115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10948115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210455.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210455.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210455.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210455.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210455.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210455.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9535482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9535482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9535482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9535482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9535482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9535482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 216715.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216715.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 216715.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216715.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 216715.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 216715.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              160535423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4365.103815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.744571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.255429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7542673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7542673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6349813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6349813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13892486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13892486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13892486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13892486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       116915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       117704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       117704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14392885268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14392885268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69069928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69069928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14461955196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14461955196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14461955196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14461955196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7659588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7659588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6350602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6350602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14010190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14010190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14010190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14010190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123105.549057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123105.549057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87541.100127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87541.100127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122867.151465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122867.151465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122867.151465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122867.151465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3771282783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3771282783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9152105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9152105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3780434888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3780434888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3780434888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3780434888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103646.533914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103646.533914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67793.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67793.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103514.002574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.002574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103514.002574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.002574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.659522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              981406478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1883697.654511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    44.659522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.071570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10956116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10956116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10956116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10956116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10956116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10956116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10694566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10694566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10694566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10694566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10694566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10694566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10956171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10956171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10956171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10956171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10956171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10956171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194446.654545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194446.654545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194446.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194446.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194446.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194446.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9409095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9409095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9409095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9409095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9409095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9409095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204545.543478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204545.543478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204545.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204545.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 204545.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204545.543478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                36521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              160533317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                36777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4365.046551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.744521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.255479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7541830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7541830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6348416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6348416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13890246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13890246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13890246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13890246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       116733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       117490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       117490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       117490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       117490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14216229421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14216229421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66374070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66374070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14282603491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14282603491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14282603491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14282603491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7658563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7658563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6349173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6349173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14007736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14007736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14007736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14007736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121784.152048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121784.152048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87680.409511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87680.409511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121564.418172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121564.418172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121564.418172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121564.418172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3725537798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3725537798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8968580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8968580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3734506378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734506378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3734506378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734506378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102378.065348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102378.065348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68462.442748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68462.442748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102256.410777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102256.410777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102256.410777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102256.410777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.987920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              981399048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1890942.289017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    42.987920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.068891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10948686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10948686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10948686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10948686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10948686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10948686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10633758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10633758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10633758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10633758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10633758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10633758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10948736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10948736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10948736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10948736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10948736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10948736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212675.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212675.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212675.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212675.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212675.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212675.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9345977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9345977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9345977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9345977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212408.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212408.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212408.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212408.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212408.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212408.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              160539330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4364.379350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.742318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.257682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7546612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7546612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6349838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6349838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13896450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13896450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13896450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13896450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       116801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          764                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          764                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       117565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       117565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14355306973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14355306973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66599002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66599002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14421905975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14421905975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14421905975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14421905975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7663413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7663413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6350602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6350602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14014015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14014015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14014015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14014015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122903.973194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122903.973194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87171.468586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87171.468586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122671.764343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122671.764343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122671.764343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122671.764343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3767144748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3767144748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8935469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8935469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3776080217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776080217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3776080217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3776080217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103504.361688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103504.361688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67692.946970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67692.946970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103374.951188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103374.951188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103374.951188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103374.951188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
