
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12037465608                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577335897435                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 411738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   515939                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 283374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42479.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17490225726                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21916558673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       280192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       498688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       433792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       439424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       491520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       213632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       279040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       496640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       172032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       171648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       497152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       494592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       438784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5892480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1445504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1445504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 46035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22649286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23276660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       425339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17290018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41427990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     35813519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36036822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       382805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36504694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       382805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40832515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       425339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17747257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23180959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       382805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41257854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14291380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14259480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     41300388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       382805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     41087719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       382805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36451527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               489511679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       425339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       382805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       382805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       425339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       382805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       382805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       382805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6103610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         120083749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              120083749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         120083749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       319004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22649286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23276660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       425339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17290018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41427990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     35813519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       393438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36036822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       382805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36504694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       382805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40832515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       425339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17747257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       393438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23180959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       382805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41257854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14291380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14259480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     41300388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       382805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     41087719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       382805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36451527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              609595428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2184597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954260                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1436004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5181                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23153858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12417598                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2184597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1564139                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2769659                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        578471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       341977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1401971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26667253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23897594     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426326      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210679      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420830      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131738      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390145      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60300      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96624      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1033017      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26667253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22872435                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       629035                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2764063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       399517                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203221                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13865362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       399517                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22904454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        372531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       160375                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2734679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13844251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        77050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18117124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62703937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62703937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3470668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2521259                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398746                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13772482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880579                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8359                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2519554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5177718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26667253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21016290     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767461      6.63%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905830      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103734      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561730      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140369      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164657      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3907      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3275      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26667253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21098     57.06%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8694     23.51%     80.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7183     19.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10087127     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99322      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298157     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395072      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880579                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446207                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52473743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16293928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12550364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12917554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       399517                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        247515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13774339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2521259                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398746                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          264                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       186019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12717593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2661014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.440561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12553363                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12550364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7601134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16458642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.434768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       174494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26267736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22093637     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632171      6.21%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056581      4.02%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330995      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555752      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105784      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67597      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61135      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364084      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26267736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364084                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39678511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27949668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                517197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2199572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.886683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.886683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59146065                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16330349                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14758888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2345289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231966                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22401922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13340398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2345289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1151742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2931414                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        659704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       766494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1382312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26523957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23592543     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         317248      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         365994      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         201148      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         231053      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         127449      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87077      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         228967      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1372478      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26523957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462136                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22220826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       951340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2906854                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       421775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       381178                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16290342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        12074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       421775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22256121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        262979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       590139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2895969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        96970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16280334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22633203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75807289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75807289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19291367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3341836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          265443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1555495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       845615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       188235                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16253976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15354711                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21463                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2049052                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4739632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          474                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26523957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059689     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2595848      9.79%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396950      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       969669      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       845944      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       432414      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104820      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67794      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50829      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26523957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3712     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14874     44.37%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14933     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12853656     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240030      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1879      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1419112      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       840034      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15354711                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531915                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57288361                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18307463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15095351                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15388230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19133                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       421775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        210727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16258269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1555495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       845615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10518                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131025                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       264711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15124181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1331502                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2171262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2116320                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           839760                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523929                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15095639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15095351                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8972602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23511952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11327523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13897667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2360781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       233113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26102182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20426216     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2631721     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103972      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       661260      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458901      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296355      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154686      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123841      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245230      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26102182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11327523                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13897667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2104354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1277872                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1892                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1989300                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12528984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       282732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42115322                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32938690                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                345009                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2342868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11327523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13897667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11327523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.548379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.548379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68214160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20956852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15195963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3788                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2381185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       983084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         935729                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245386                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22903587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13313503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2381185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1181115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2778285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        640325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       535065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1403046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26620103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23841818     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         129823      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         205710      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         277401      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         286273      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         242508      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         136281      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         201303      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1298986      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26620103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22672792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       768156                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2773146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         3130                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       402878                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       391694                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16334990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       402878                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22735396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        154202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       471894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2714289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       141441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16328192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        18928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        61822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22784254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75958201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75958201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19715258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3068981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2045                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          423404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       827039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       189825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16305484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3997                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15472328                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2244                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1826089                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4383705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26620103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20079159     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2684678     10.09%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1361611      5.11%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1030844      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       809417      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327814      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205055      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107372      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14153      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26620103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3069     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9614     37.17%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13184     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13012093     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231293      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1937      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1402685      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824320      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15472328                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.535990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57592870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18135637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15237363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15498195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       402878                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        122758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16309513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2045                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       268012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15256787                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318776                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2143020                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2167729                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           824244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15237497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15237363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8747921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23571524                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11492782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     14141281                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2168247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3908                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       236872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26217225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20419319     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2872595     10.96%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1086749      4.15%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517144      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433755      1.65%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250211      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       221622      0.85%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98691      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317139      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26217225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11492782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     14141281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2095066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1280535                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2039241                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12740991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       291157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       317139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           42209536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          33021954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                348634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2246722                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11492782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            14141281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11492782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.511735                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.511735                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398131                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398131                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       68661999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      21228345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15141159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2244400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024901                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853827                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23760140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14109201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2244400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       924383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2788943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        374816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       586124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1365283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27387827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24598884     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          98859      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         204099      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          84823      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         463608      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         412298      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          79895      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         167359      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1278002      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27387827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077750                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488769                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23624685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       723389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2778581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       252373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       197098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16541896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1485                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       252373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23649585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        522996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       124096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2764130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        74642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16531648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        31403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          651                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19415941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     77856822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     77856822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17197548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2218381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          981                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          190574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3898552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1970880                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18148                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        96167                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16497525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1935                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15855827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1283807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3082118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27387827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21754598     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1684891      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386922      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598458      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758124      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733952      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417521      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32552      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20809      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27387827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40073     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312440     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9073      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9949027     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138488      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3801190     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1966174     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15855827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361586                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59469550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17783680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15719267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          416                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       252373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        480675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16499474                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3898552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1970880                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          416                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70868                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       139593                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15744211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3787988                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       111616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5753947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2063201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1965959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15719889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15719267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8489668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        16724825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544544                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507609                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12764933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     15000582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1500809                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       121652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27135454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21696729     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1984174      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931256      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920477      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249937      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070415      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80383      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58320      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143763      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27135454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12764933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     15000582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5704256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3745858                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1981327                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13338699                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       143763                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43493043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          33255197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                521985                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1478998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12764933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            15000582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12764933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.261416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.261416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       77829434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18259749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      19693852                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2335292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       988125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22689396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13243787                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2335292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1162397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2776075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        665097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       402183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1396468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26297448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23521373     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         149923      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         238428      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         377111      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         157622      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         177283      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         186416      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         122994      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1366298      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26297448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080899                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.458789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22483547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       610094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2767152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       429495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       382888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16172276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       429495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22516462                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        199774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       314150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2741917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        95648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16161767                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         2950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        36138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3775                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22436317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75179185                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75179185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19161700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3274594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4086                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          293377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       828601                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       188435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16138290                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4096                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15281573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2039230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4517037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          361                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26297448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19851823     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2587494      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415431      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964875      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900250      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260581      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201275      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68715      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47004      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26297448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3571     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10885     38.41%     51.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13885     48.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12801626     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241019      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413299      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823777      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15281573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56907673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18181815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15035339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15309914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24809                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          979                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       429495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        132378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16142417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828601                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9942                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       265736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15064385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2153742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2120043                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           823397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15035591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15035339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8792687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22964816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11255183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13796000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2346433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       234908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25867953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20264127     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2715170     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057202      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568475      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426395      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237789      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146352      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131180      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321263      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25867953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11255183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13796000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2068445                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1264653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1980296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12431275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       280250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       321263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41689045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          32714413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                367795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2569377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11255183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13796000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11255183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.564758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.564758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.389900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.389900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       67936821                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20843398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15085629                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2334799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       983193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22685728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13243027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2334799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1160697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2775242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        668191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       406248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1396843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26299464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23524222     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         150143      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         237738      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         377208      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         157046      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         176584      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         186048      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         123039      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1367436      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26299464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.458763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22479591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       614435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2766297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       431946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       382720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16172801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       431946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22512961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        199648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       316913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2740649                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        97345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16162221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        27654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        36625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4514                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22435840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     75178406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     75178406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19142759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3293076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          295712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543719                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       828303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24693                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       188417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16138733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15274842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2054183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4553968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          375                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26299464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19857967     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584918      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1414160      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965312      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900018      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259900      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201395      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68626      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47168      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26299464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3529     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10932     38.53%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13909     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12796061     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240940      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412813      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823178      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15274842                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56896691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18197224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15027163                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15303212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       280324                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          987                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       431946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        134532                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16142868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543719                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       266273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15056644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2152281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2118253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           822744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521590                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15027399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15027163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8786352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22952839                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520569                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11244040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13782337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2360561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       235548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25867518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20269139     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712285     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056103      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568299      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425909      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237705      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146322      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131192      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320564      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25867518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11244040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13782337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2066391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1263392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1978337                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12418954                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       279971                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       320564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41689774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          32717784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                368300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2567361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11244040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13782337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11244040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.567300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.567300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       67899638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20832167                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15083254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2335445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230215                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239824                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22682949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13244332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2335445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1162203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2776012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        664936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       405464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1396077                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26294153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23518141     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         149894      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         238391      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         377204      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         157507      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         176846      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         186336      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         122998      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1366836      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26294153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22476560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       613834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2767308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       429430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       382792                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16174009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       429430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22509628                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        200919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       315576                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2741814                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96784                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16164157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         3462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        36329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4510                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22439533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75188883                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75188883                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19165772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3273730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4061                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          293709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       828902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       188555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16141062                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15283065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2039153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4526558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          337                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26294153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19848571     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586963      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415285      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965328      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900644      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260073      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201599      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68507      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47183      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26294153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3591     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10940     38.52%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13867     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12802058     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241116      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414057      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823982      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15283065                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28398                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56907902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18184483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15036341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15311463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278319                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          979                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       429430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        135092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16145161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2207                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       265708                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15065693                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2154019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2119923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           823576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521903                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15036576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15036341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8791321                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22964826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520887                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11257554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13798915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2346307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       234814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25864723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20260544     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2714999     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057520      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568312      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426396      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237662      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146579      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       131116      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321595      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25864723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11257554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13798915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2068858                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1264906                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1980706                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12433899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       280308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       321595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41688272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32719925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                367319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2572672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11257554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13798915                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11257554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67941035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20844992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15086054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2243872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       876026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5365                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23758380                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14105614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2243872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       924063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2789137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        377059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       589281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1366062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120460                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27390872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24601735     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          99207      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         203670      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          85542      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         463654      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         412399      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          80178      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         166894      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1277593      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27390872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23623614                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       725798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2778723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         8905                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       253827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       197131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16539777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       253827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23648463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        522845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       126255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2764399                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        75078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16529738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        31488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        27259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          841                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19416645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     77846320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     77846320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17182272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2234364                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          190985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897998                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1969850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        96016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16495272                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15851394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1291715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3090253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27390872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21759486     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1684728      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386035      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597387      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758631      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733950      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417086      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32907      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20662      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27390872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39948     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312340     86.44%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9051      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9948479     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138237      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798696     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965035     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15851394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549121                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59463590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17789343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15713958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16212733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       154858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          417                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       253827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        480814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16497233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897998                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          987                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          417                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       140044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15738936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5750331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2061893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1964830                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.545226                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15714584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15713958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8487441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16722272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.544360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507553                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12754160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14987754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1511246                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       122434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27137045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21703257     79.98%     79.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982063      7.30%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930183      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919803      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249783      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070017      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80297      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58219      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143423      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27137045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     12754160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14987754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5700092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3743140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1979537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13327277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       145117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       143423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43492583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33251870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                522525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1475953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          12754160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14987754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     12754160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.263326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.263326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.441828                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.441828                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       77801967                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18255879                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      19686778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2380162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       980164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         935638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244941                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22895402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13308143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2380162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1180579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2778097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        641342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       535430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1402785                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26612950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23834853     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         130316      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         205287      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         278344      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         286573      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         241639      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         135373      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         201109      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1299456      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26612950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22665516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       767602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2772898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3196                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       403737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       391279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16331498                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       403737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22727568                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        152060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       474881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2714661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       140040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16324505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        61231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22778191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     75942804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     75942804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19700871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3077319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3941                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2005                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          419973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       826654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       248305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16300985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15462969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1833114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26612950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20030157     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2736875     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1378571      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015064      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799030      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327388      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204660      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106900      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14305      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26612950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3064     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9960     38.05%     49.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13149     50.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13004525     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231190      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1936      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401347      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823971      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15462969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57567296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18138126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15228441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15489142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251114                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12692                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       403737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        120850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16304968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       136038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       268159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15247951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318041                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2141954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2166868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           823913                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528217                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15228569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15228441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8744150                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        23563867                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11484415                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14131059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2173932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       237030                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26209213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20377530     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2907351     11.09%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1083016      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516166      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456740      1.74%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250627      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       206818      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99545      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311420      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26209213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11484415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14131059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2093583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1279621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2037784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12731789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       290958                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       311420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           42202706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33013738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                348764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2253875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11484415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14131059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11484415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.513565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.513565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.397841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.397841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       68618671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21215837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15134848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2341923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1919973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       958500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         912099                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10270                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13326145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2341923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1152324                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2930620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        658701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       763803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1382961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26529422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23598802     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         317187      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         367263      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         202130      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         230922      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         127292      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          87296      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         227706      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1370824      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26529422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22229266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       950477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2906133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        23122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       420420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       380437                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16273851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        12103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       420420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22264424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        259507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       592803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2895414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        96850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16264314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        22796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        46475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22612853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     75735355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     75735355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19286960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3325891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2319                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          264947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1553607                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       845088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       187405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16238394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15344091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2035508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4712688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          421                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26529422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20067839     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2595652      9.78%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396790      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       969023      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       845512      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431217      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104841      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67773      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50775      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26529422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3722     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14657     43.91%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15004     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12845740     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239906      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1878      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1417610      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838957      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15344091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57271843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18278283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15086018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15377474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18825                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       420420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        208126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14563                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16242630                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1553607                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       845088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130680                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       264769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15113876                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330256                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2168937                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2114907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           838681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15086289                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15086018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8966996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        23495498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11324835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13894500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2348312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       233473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26109002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20433817     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2631239     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103734      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       661184      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459421      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296317      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154727      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123894      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244669      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26109002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11324835                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13894500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2103838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1277575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1988895                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12526110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       282683                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       244669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           42107067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32906069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                345232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2337403                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11324835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13894500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11324835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.548984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.548984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392313                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392313                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       68171196                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20945499                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15180433                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2244360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119713                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         124104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23759821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14108815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2244360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       923995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2788884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        376007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       587136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1365755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27389177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24600293     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          98931      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203255      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          85651      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         463813      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         412104      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          79459      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         167472      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1278199      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27389177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488755                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       23624195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       724531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2778589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       253083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       197262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16542458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       253083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23649235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        523526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       124759                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2764059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        74510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16532243                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        31313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        27288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          396                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19419195                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     77858350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     77858350                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17193163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2226020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1989                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          190799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3897141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1969882                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18142                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        96256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16497932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1996                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15854691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8583                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289572                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3090151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27389177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21757871     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1684016      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385502      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597934      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758818      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734040      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417350      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32871      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20775      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27389177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40251     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312371     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9059      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9950865     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138455      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799167     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965256     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15854691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.549236                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59468823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17789911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15717079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16216372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          413                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1404                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       253083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        481844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16499948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3897141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969882                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1041                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          413                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71279                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       140017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15742170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5751060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2062830                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1965086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.545338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15717698                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15717079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8488647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16727196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12760736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14995812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1505942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       122114                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27136094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21699090     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983569      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930862      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920142      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249850      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070337      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80348      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58248      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143648      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27136094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12760736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14995812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5701393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3743949                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1980755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13334501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       143648                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43494161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33256635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                522415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1477648                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12760736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14995812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12760736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.262160                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.262160                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.442055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.442055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       77814749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18259602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      19690435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1910                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2614475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2176408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         954195                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280451                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22722772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14339183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2614475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1234646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2988129                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        664504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       792383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1412176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228145                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26926948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23938819     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         183694      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         231683      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         367624      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         152905      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         197835      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         230595      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         105486      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1518307      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26926948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22588252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       939944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2973914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1425                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       423408                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       398186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          256                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     17522794                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       423408                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22611645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         73595                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       801980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2951954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        64356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     17414718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        44834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     24326291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     80975505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     80975505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20338637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3987648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          229450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1629396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       852186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9893                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       190764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16999549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        16305074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16725                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2069780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4214832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26926948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20020951     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3148187     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1288931      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720483      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       978873      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300072      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       297118      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159648      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26926948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112736     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15029     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14576     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13736866     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222663      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2017      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1494315      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849213      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     16305074                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.564838                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59696162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19073659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15879630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16447415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307416                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12111                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       423408                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         56204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17003778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1629396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       274595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16020307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1469846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2318940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2265761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           849094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.554973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15879746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15879630                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9514095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        25549984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372372                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11832250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14580278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2423586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4064                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       240515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26503540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20334053     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3126801     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1133279      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566604      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       517261      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217838      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215246      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102267      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290191      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26503540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11832250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14580278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2162051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1321976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2113415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13126974                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       301072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       290191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43217135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          34431156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                345762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1939877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11832250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14580278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11832250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.439673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.439673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       72082909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      22191406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16208387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2613815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2175829                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238824                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         954594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280466                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22719109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             14335928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2613815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1235060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2987647                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        665072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       799634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1412076                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26930471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23942824     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         183633      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         231324      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         367673      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         152993      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         198140      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         230600      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         105634      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1517650      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26930471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22585015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       946872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2973287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1465                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       423827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       398120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     17519055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       423827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22608697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         73293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       808976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2951076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        64592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     17409709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        44931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     24318392                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     80952900                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     80952900                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     20329863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3988501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          230001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1629740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       851875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       191931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16997029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4225                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        16300977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2073076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4225792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26930471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20025590     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3147766     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1288455      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       721340      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       978287      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300038      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296677      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159663      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12655      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26930471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112717     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15052     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14579     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13733112     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222577      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2016      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1494352      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848920      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     16300977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59691680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19074430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15875104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     16443325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12070                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       423827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         56049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17001257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1629740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134728                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       274834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16016312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1469714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2318532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2265033                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           848818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554835                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15875204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15875104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         9511504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        25546259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549943                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11827129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     14573909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2427399                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4064                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       240672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26506644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20338862     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3125884     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1133851      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566328      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516872      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217448      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215182      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102217      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290000      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26506644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11827129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     14573909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2161082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1321387                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2112480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        13121237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       300932                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       290000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           43217874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          34426479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                346083                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1936354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11827129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            14573909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11827129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.440730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.440730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409714                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409714                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       72063724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      22185004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16204327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2245069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2025175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5339                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23759579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14112985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2245069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       923880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2789767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        376141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       591738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1365711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27394751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24604984     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          98700      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         203735      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          85498      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         463928      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         412101      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          79632      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         167543      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1278630      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27394751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488900                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23623292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       729818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2779343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       253420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       197488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16548138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       253420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23648608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        528237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       124440                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2764594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        75447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16537938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        31260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          685                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19423449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     77884170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     77884170                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17195823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2227603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1933                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          193118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3898876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1970556                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        96355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16502874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1939                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15857486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1291062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3099019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27394751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21762954     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683735      6.15%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385488      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598124      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       759255      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734032      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417665      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32751      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20747      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27394751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40120     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312429     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9053      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9951851     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138552      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3800224     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965911     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15857486                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361602                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59479975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17796295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15720759                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16219088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28759                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       253420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        486155                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16504835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3898876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1970556                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       139840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15745815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3787176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       111667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5752924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2063389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1965748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.545464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15721367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15720759                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8490494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        16728520                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.544596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12763283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14998707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1507808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       121921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27141331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21703831     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983509      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930832      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920642      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249867      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070166      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80139      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58284      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       144061      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27141331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12763283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14998707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5703131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3745108                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1981102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13337049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       144061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43503746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33266510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                522340                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1472074                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12763283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14998707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12763283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.261708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.261708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       77833224                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18262276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      19696489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2244263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843787                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23764480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             14110222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2244263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       922673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2788403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        375392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       590659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1365869                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119972                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27396450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24608047     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          98501      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         203095      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          85232      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         463740      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         412412      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          79076      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         167728      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1278619      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27396450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       23629125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       727761                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2778045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       252661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       197041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16544885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       252661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       23654163                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        528726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       122546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2763491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        74858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16534549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        31348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        27514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          352                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19420694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     77869396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     77869396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17199342                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2221340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          192209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3899230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1970990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        95676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16499923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15858041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8355                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1284931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3083065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27396450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21765257     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682284      6.14%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386348      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598404      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758490      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734227      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417986      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32794      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20660      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27396450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40241     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312614     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9065      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9951307     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138424      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3800935     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1966427     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15858041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59482807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17787189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15720981                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     16219961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28405                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          410                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1403                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       252661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        486790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16501866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3899230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1970990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          410                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       139968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15745735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3787881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5754127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2063412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1966246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.545461                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15721585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15720981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8490813                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16726627                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.544604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507623                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12766649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     15002532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1500855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       121941                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27143789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21705678     79.97%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983239      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930779      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920904      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249722      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070886      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80365      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58213      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       144003      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27143789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     12766649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     15002532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5705426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3746638                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1981561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13340415                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       145288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       144003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43503134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          33259480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                522523                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1470375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          12766649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            15002532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     12766649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.261112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.261112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.442260                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.442260                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       77834943                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18263707                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      19695238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28866825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2335562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1910036                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         922440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10151                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22683495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13247751                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2335562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1162303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2776996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        665572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       405416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1395954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26296462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23519466     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         149804      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         238693      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         377296      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         157856      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         177203      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         186758      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         122370      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1367016      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26296462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080908                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22476580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       614417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2768007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       430251                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       382633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16176907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1692                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       430251                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22509527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        206190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       311665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2742858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        95969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16166159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         3098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        36051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22442242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75198915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75198915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19159160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3283082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2268                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          292849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       828907                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       188223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16142658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4134                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15280878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2046052                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4543154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26296462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19851435     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586772      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415769      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964738      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900154      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260684      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201187      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68588      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47135      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26296462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3544     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10892     38.48%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13869     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12799959     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       241003      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414248      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823816      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15280878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28305                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56905741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18193036                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15034762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15309183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          198                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          978                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       430251                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        139294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16146826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828907                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          198                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       265420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15064220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  34                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2154420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2119641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           823427                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15034995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15034762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8790385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22959720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11253735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13794211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2352662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       234621                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25866211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20262436     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2714920     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057832      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568791      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426015      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237423      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146661      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130951      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321182      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25866211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11253735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13794211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2068194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1264490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1980031                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12429677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       280217                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       321182                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           41691824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32724030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                367560                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2570363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11253735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13794211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11253735                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.565088                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.565088                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67936532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20842205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15089896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          46057                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.153401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1940905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          78816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.625774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           194.133852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.976530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   842.136537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.571769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   841.818924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.229447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   650.108720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.368174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1512.900342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.763381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1165.857439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.816638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1179.570245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.231557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1197.382402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.059751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1496.636035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.614278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   651.329026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.770277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   837.861751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.517888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1508.562875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.420947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   540.856537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.988339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   529.893487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.880303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1503.668661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.788328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1503.630429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.439203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1186.525995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           961.708748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           953.716859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           755.902505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1068.128574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1022.765109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1016.784210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1001.076319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1090.303993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           733.693942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           971.230304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1073.679463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           665.980786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           662.206078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1072.851603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1078.556812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           997.258028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.005924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.019840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.046170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.035579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.036541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.045674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.019877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.046038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.016506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.016171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.045888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.045887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.029349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.029105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.023068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.032597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.031212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.031030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.030550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.022391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.029640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.020324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.020209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.032741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.032915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.030434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   69006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    69233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   69233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 46033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  46035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 46035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4642448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350459178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5765504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    366820299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6708098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    268504516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5847708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    641423787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5703416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    559251375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5847221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    565069485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5992848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570335829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5646803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    634199275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6697814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274520854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6290608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363490171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5887344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    637077338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5638985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    222883553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5646683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    224729179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6081286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    637081423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    636625029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5792989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    569149719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7615988335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       147135                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       148790                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        295925                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4642448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350606313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5765504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    366820299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6708098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    268504516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5847708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    641423787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5703416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    559251375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5847221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    565069485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5992848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570335829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5646803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    634199275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6697814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274520854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6290608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363490171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5887344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    637226128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5638985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    222883553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5646683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    224729179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6081286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    637081423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    636625029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5792989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    569149719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7616284260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4642448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    350606313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5765504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    366820299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6708098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    268504516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5847708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    641423787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5703416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    559251375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5847221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    565069485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5992848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    570335829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5646803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    634199275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6697814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    274520854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6290608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363490171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5887344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    637226128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5638985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    222883553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5646683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    224729179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6081286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    637081423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    636625029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5792989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    569149719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7616284260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              115039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               115268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              115268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.415034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.420350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.420260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.319895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.400151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.008734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.413898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.419426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.419959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.318679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.399374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.413898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.419426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.419959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.318679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.399374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154748.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164612.108032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164728.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167574.371402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167702.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165131.928659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167077.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164636.495637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162954.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166048.508017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       158033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166736.348480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166133.361200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156855.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165156.061198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167445.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164482.237268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170016.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166738.610550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163537.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164237.519464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161113.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165835.976935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161333.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167583.280388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173751.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164027.142894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171599.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164758.030280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160916.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166029.672987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165446.274086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       147135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       148790                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147962.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154748.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164603.902817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164728.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167574.371402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167702.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165131.928659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167077.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164636.495637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162954.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166048.508017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       158033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166736.348480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166133.361200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156855.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165156.061198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167445.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164482.237268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170016.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166738.610550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163537.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164233.538144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161113.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165835.976935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161333.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167583.280388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173751.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164027.142894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171599.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164758.030280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160916.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166029.672987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165445.514500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154748.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164603.902817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164728.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167574.371402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167702.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165131.928659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167077.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164636.495637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162954.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166048.508017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       158033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166736.348480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166133.361200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156855.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165156.061198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167445.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164482.237268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170016.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166738.610550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163537.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164233.538144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161113.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165835.976935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161333.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167583.280388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173751.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164027.142894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171599.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164758.030280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160916.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166029.672987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165445.514500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11294                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11294                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            46033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             46035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            46035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2895710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    226467562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3728805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    239362644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4380509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173847236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3812318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    414726641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3668404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    363179533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3689493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367735281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370494821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3553905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410702037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4372563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    177351013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4137940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    236557575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3794572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    411316981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3606768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    144637067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3608643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146670197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4048903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    411078914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4083714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    411789542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3701282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    369595171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936491699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        88822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        90291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2895710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    226556384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3728805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    239362644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4380509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173847236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3812318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    414726641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3668404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    363179533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3689493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367735281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370494821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3553905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410702037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4372563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    177351013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4137940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    236557575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3794572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    411407272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3606768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    144637067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3608643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146670197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4048903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    411078914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4083714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    411789542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3701282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    369595171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936670812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2895710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    226556384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3728805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    239362644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4380509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    173847236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3812318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    414726641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3668404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    363179533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3689493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367735281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370494821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3553905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    410702037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4372563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    177351013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4137940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    236557575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3794572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    411407272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3606768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    144637067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3608643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146670197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4048903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    411078914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4083714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    411789542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3701282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    369595171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936670812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.415034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.420350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.356967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.420260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.319895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.413898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.419426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.419959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.318679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.399374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.413898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.419426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.416396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.355918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.419959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.318710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.318679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.399374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96523.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106372.739314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106537.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109347.941526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109512.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106917.119311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108923.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106449.343172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104811.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107832.402910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99716.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108508.492476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108220.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107921.590737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98719.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106953.655469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109314.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106261.841222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111836.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108512.649083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105404.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106036.860273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103050.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107616.865327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103104.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109373.748695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 115682.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105839.061277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 113436.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106570.792443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102813.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107816.560968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107238.105251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        88822                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        90291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89556.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96523.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106364.499531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106537.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109347.941526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109512.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106917.119311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108923.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106449.343172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104811.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107832.402910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99716.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108508.492476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108220.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107921.590737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98719.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106953.655469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109314.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106261.841222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111836.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108512.649083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105404.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106032.802062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103050.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107616.865327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103104.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109373.748695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 115682.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105839.061277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 113436.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106570.792443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102813.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107816.560968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107237.337070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96523.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106364.499531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106537.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109347.941526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109512.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106917.119311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108923.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106449.343172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104811.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107832.402910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99716.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108508.492476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108220.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107921.590737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98719.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106953.655469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 109314.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106261.841222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111836.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108512.649083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105404.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106032.802062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103050.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107616.865327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103104.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109373.748695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 115682.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105839.061277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 113436.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106570.792443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102813.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107816.560968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107237.337070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.660371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001434204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794684.953405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.607700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.052671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1401935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1401935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5809746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5809746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5809746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5809746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5809746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5809746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161381.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161381.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161381.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161381.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5061849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5061849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5061849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5061849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5061849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5061849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163285.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163285.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163285.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163285.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163285.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163285.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221206698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35101.031101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.866425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.133575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.722134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.277866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2074432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2381566862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2381566862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4522622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4522622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2386089484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386089484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2386089484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386089484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2095216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2481687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114586.550327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114586.550327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100502.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100502.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114556.122906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114556.122906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114556.122906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114556.122906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    635695690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    635695690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       681575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       681575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    636377265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636377265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    636377265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    636377265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105299.932085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105299.932085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75730.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75730.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105255.915481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105255.915481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105255.915481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105255.915481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.849047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076050094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2077316.783784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.849047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1382267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1382267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7424112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7424112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7424112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7424112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164980.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164980.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164980.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164980.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164980.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164980.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6250171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6250171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6250171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6250171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6250171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6250171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173615.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173615.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173615.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173615.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173615.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173615.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170152036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26753.464780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.556321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.443679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       972740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        972740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       822159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1794899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1794899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1794899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1794899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2782229409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2782229409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30509063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30509063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2812738472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2812738472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2812738472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2812738472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       993718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       993718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       822423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1816141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1816141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1816141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1816141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132626.056297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132626.056297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115564.632576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115564.632576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132414.013370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132414.013370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132414.013370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132414.013370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    654701821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    654701821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1184090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    655885911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    655885911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    655885911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    655885911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107575.060960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107575.060960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65782.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65782.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107451.820282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107451.820282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107451.820282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107451.820282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              508.048971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1074538533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2074398.712355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.048971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1402996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1402996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1402996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1402996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1402996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8995154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8995154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8995154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8995154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8995154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8995154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1403046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1403046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1403046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1403046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1403046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1403046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179903.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179903.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179903.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179903.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179903.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179903.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7546501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7546501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7546501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7546501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175500.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175500.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175500.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175500.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175500.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175500.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              163970590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34132.096170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.546645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.453355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.865417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.134583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       965057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       810691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2021                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2021                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1775748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1775748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        14684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1831126266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1831126266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8543846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8543846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1839670112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1839670112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1839670112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1839670112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       979636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       810796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2021                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2021                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1790432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1790432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1790432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1790432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125600.265176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125600.265176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81369.961905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81369.961905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125283.990193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125283.990193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125283.990193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125283.990193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    481782722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481782722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1155770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1155770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    482938492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482938492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    482938492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482938492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106353.801766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106353.801766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64209.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64209.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106187.003518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106187.003518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106187.003518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106187.003518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              572.071230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108892553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1915185.756477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.819880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.251351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1365235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1365235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1365235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1365235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1365235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9299481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9299481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9299481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9299481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9299481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9299481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193739.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193739.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193739.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193739.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 193739.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193739.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7086152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7086152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7086152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196837.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196837.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196837.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196837.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196837.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196837.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 9251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440738367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             46359.352793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.173937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.826063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3574610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3574610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1956439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1956439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5531049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5531049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5531049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5531049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4040736135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4040736135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2505961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2505961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4043242096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4043242096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4043242096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4043242096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3607407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3607407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1956467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1956467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5563874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5563874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5563874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5563874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123204.443547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123204.443547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89498.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89498.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123175.692186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123175.692186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123175.692186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123175.692186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1061220488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1061220488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       678024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       678024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1061898512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1061898512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1061898512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1061898512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114825.848085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114825.848085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        75336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114787.429683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114787.429683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114787.429683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114787.429683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              520.666345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1080582895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2054340.104563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.666345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.049145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1396418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1396418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1396418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1396418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1396418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8288449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8288449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8288449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8288449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8288449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8288449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1396468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1396468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1396468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165768.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165768.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165768.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165768.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165768.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165768.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6299427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6299427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6299427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6299427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174984.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174984.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174984.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174984.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174984.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174984.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              178891318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             21324.510430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   228.834807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    27.165193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.893886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.106114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       967689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       799910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1767599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1767599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2616162999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2616162999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9030648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9030648                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2625193647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2625193647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2625193647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2625193647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       988624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       800020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       800020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124965.989921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124965.989921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82096.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82096.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124741.917177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124741.917177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124741.917177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124741.917177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    917001648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917001648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1202861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    918204509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    918204509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    918204509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    918204509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113000.819224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113000.819224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66825.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66825.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112898.624001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112898.624001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112898.624001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112898.624001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              521.111345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1080583273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2046559.229167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.111345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1396796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1396796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1396796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1396796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1396796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7880441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7880441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7880441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7880441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7880441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7880441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1396843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1396843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1396843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167668.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167668.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167668.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167668.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167668.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167668.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6346111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6346111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6346111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167002.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167002.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167002.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167002.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167002.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167002.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              178890227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             21185.484012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   228.808660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    27.191340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.893784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.106216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       967385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       799133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1766518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1766518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        21091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        21091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2615966715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2615966715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7923587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7923587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2623890302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2623890302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2623890302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2623890302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       988378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       799231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1787609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1787609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124611.380698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124611.380698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80852.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80852.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124408.055664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.055664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124408.055664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124408.055664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    922928676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922928676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1107888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1107888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    924036564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    924036564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    924036564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    924036564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112951.741035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112951.741035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65169.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65169.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112852.535906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112852.535906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112852.535906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112852.535906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.339852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080582507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2050441.189753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.339852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1396030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1396030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1396030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8359793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8359793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8359793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8359793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8359793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8359793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1396077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177867.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177867.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177867.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177867.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 177867.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177867.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6514903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6514903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6514903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176078.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176078.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176078.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176078.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176078.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176078.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178891387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             21193.150930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.835359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.164641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.893888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.106112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       967627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       800068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       800068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1767695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1767695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2627796473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2627796473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9045736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9045736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2636842209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2636842209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2636842209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2636842209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       988652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       800180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       800180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2161                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1788832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1788832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124984.374459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124984.374459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80765.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80765.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124750.069026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124750.069026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124750.069026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124750.069026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    928766533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928766533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1202050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    929968583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    929968583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    929968583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    929968583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113721.872536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113721.872536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66780.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66780.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113618.641784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113618.641784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 113618.641784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113618.641784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              573.269427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1108893332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1911885.055172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.680260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.589167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1366014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1366014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1366014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1366014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1366014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1366014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8106942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8106942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8106942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8106942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8106942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8106942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1366062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1366062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1366062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1366062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1366062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1366062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168894.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168894.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168894.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168894.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168894.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168894.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6601094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6601094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6601094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178407.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178407.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178407.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178407.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178407.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178407.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 9222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              440734744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 9478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             46500.817050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.174589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.825411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3572435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1954992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5527427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5527427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        32779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        32779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4033747036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4033747036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2517905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2517905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4036264941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4036264941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4036264941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4036264941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3605184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1955022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5560206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5560206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123171.609393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123171.609393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83930.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83930.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123135.694835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123135.694835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123135.694835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123135.694835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1055308966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055308966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       645718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       645718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1055954684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055954684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1055954684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055954684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114545.638337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114545.638337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 71746.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71746.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114503.869443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114503.869443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114503.869443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114503.869443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.353222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074538270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2078410.580271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.353222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1402733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1402733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1402733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1402733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1402733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9138025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9138025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9138025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9138025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9138025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9138025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1402785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1402785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1402785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175731.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175731.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175731.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175731.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175731.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175731.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7574262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7574262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7574262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7574262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180339.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180339.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180339.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180339.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180339.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180339.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163970142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34160.446250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.548454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.451546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.865424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.134576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       965218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       810126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1775344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1775344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        14646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        14646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1833993513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1833993513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8589094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8589094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1842582607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1842582607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1842582607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1842582607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       979759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       810231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1789990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1789990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126125.680008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126125.680008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81800.895238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81800.895238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125807.907074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125807.907074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125807.907074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125807.907074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    485058414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485058414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1190085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1190085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    486248499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    486248499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    486248499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    486248499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107171.545294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107171.545294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66115.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66115.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107008.912632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107008.912632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107008.912632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107008.912632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              512.244463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1076050742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2069328.350000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.244463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.048469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1382915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1382915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1382915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1382915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1382915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7915793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7915793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7915793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7915793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7915793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7915793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1382961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1382961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1382961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172082.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172082.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172082.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172082.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172082.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172082.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6804319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6804319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6804319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6804319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179061.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179061.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179061.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179061.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179061.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179061.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              170150855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26665.233506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.557376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.442624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.111104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       971822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       821938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1793760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1793760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1793760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1793760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2760212106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2760212106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31816913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31816913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2792029019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2792029019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2792029019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2792029019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       992706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       822208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1814914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1814914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1814914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1814914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 132168.746696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132168.746696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117840.418519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117840.418519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131985.866456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131985.866456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131985.866456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131985.866456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    653909022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653909022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1257565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1257565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    655166587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    655166587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    655166587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    655166587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107075.327002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107075.327002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69864.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69864.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106965.973388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106965.973388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106965.973388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106965.973388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              572.596642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1108893025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1911884.525862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.007496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.589147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1365707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1365707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1365707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8613519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8613519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8613519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8613519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8613519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8613519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1365755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179448.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179448.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179448.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179448.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179448.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179448.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7088962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7088962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7088962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7088962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7088962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7088962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191593.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191593.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191593.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191593.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191593.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191593.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 9238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              440735545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 9494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46422.534759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.171322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.828678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3572681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1955483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5528164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        5528164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      5528164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       5528164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        32870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        32870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4041268067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4041268067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2751695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2751695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4044019762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4044019762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4044019762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4044019762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3605522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1955512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5561034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5561034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5561034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5561034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123055.572821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123055.572821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94886.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94886.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123030.719866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123030.719866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123030.719866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123030.719866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1055959947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055959947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       725696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       725696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1056685643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056685643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1056685643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056685643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114405.194691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114405.194691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80632.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80632.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114372.296028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114372.296028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114372.296028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114372.296028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.110073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1077536142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2190114.109756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.110073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1412128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1412128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1412128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1412128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1412128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1412128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8154135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8154135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8154135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8154135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8154135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8154135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1412176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1412176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1412176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1412176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1412176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1412176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169877.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169877.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169877.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6378670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6378670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6378670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172396.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172396.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172396.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172396.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172396.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172396.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              160316887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35841.021015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.110995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.889005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.863715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.136285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1125483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1125483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       835899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1961382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1961382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1961382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1961382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1192088856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1192088856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6258723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6258723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1198347579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1198347579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1198347579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1198347579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1136263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1136263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       835974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1972237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1972237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1972237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1972237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110583.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110583.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83449.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83449.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110395.907784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110395.907784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110395.907784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110395.907784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    429121596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429121596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1135473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1135473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    430257069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430257069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    430257069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    430257069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102147.487741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102147.487741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70967.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70967.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102029.184017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102029.184017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102029.184017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102029.184017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.475927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1077536042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2190113.906504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.475927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1412028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1412028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1412028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1412028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1412028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1412028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8327821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8327821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8327821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8327821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8327821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8327821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1412076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1412076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1412076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1412076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1412076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1412076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173496.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173496.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173496.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173496.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173496.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173496.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6375152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6375152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6375152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6375152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6375152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6375152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172301.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172301.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172301.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172301.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172301.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172301.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160316563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35913.208557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.115652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.884348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.863733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.136267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1125522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1125522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       835535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       835535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1961057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1961057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1961057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1961057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           60                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           60                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        10848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        10848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1193805285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1193805285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5816080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5816080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1199621365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1199621365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1199621365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1199621365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1136310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1136310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       835595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       835595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1971905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1971905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1971905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1971905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110660.482481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110660.482481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96934.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96934.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110584.565358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110584.565358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110584.565358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110584.565358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    429455457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429455457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1231095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1231095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    430686552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430686552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    430686552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    430686552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102446.435353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102446.435353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76943.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76943.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102349.465779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102349.465779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102349.465779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102349.465779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              572.737683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1108892980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915186.493955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.486247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.251436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1365662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1365662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1365662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9956992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9956992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9956992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9956992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9956992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9956992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1365711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 203203.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203203.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 203203.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203203.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 203203.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203203.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7895951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7895951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7895951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7895951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7895951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7895951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219331.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219331.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219331.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219331.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219331.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219331.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 9243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              440736846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 9499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             46398.236235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.173413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.826587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3573462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3573462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1956064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1956064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5529526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5529526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5529526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5529526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        32954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        32954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4054719600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4054719600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2301171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2301171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4057020771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4057020771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4057020771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4057020771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3606388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3606388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1956092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1956092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          960                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5562480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5562480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5562480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5562480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123146.437466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123146.437466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82184.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82184.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123111.633519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123111.633519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123111.633519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123111.633519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1058467692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1058467692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       615291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1059082983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059082983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1059082983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059082983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114627.213775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114627.213775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68365.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68365.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114582.168452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114582.168452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114582.168452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114582.168452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              572.945990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1108893138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1911884.720690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.694555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.251435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1365820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1365820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1365820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10134682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10134682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10134682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10134682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10134682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10134682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1365869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206830.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206830.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206830.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206830.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206830.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206830.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7874598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7874598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7874598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7874598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7874598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7874598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212826.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212826.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212826.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212826.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212826.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212826.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 9235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              440738710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 9491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             46437.541882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.172500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.827500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3574566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3574566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1956827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1956827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5531393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        5531393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      5531393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       5531393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        32924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        32924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4050419112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4050419112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2742811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2742811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4053161923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4053161923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4053161923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4053161923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3607460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3607460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1956857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1956857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5564317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5564317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5564317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5564317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123135.499240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123135.499240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91427.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91427.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123106.606822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123106.606822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123106.606822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123106.606822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1057661569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1057661569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       680302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       680302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1058341871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1058341871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1058341871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1058341871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114639.233579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114639.233579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 75589.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75589.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114601.177152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114601.177152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114601.177152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114601.177152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              520.718887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1080582380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2050440.948767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.718887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1395903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1395903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1395903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8721931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8721931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8721931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8721931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8721931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8721931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1395954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171018.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171018.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171018.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171018.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171018.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171018.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183302.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183302.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183302.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183302.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 183302.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183302.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              178891359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             21193.147613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.822707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.177293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.893839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       967779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       799827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2221                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1767606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1767606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1767606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1767606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2632166720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2632166720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9129132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9129132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2641295852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2641295852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2641295852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2641295852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       988805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       799931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2221                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2221                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1788736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1788736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125186.279844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125186.279844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87780.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87780.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125002.169995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125002.169995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125002.169995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125002.169995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    928160242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928160242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1250864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1250864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    929411106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    929411106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    929411106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    929411106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113647.635852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113647.635852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69492.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69492.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113550.532193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113550.532193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113550.532193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113550.532193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
